---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_slo Data Source - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Service-level Objective"
description: |-
  The data source `dynatrace_slo` covers queries for dashboards
---

# dynatrace_slo (Data Source)

The `dynatrace_slo` data source allows the SLO ID to be retrieved by its name.

- `name` (String) - The name of the SLO

If multiple services match the given criteria, the first result will be retrieved.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dynatrace_slo" "Example" {
  name = "Terraform"
}

output "id" {
  value = data.dynatrace_slo.Example.id
}

```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Read-Only

- `burn_rate_visualization_enabled` (Boolean) Burn rate visualization is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `description` (String) The custom description of the SLO
- `enabled` (Boolean) The SLO is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `evaluation_type` (String) The evaluation type of the SLO. Currently only `AGGREGATE` is supported
- `evaluation_window` (String) The timeframe during which the SLO is to be evaluated. For the timeframe you can enter expressions like -1h (last hour), -1w (last week) or complex expressions like -2d to now (last two days), -1d/d to now/d (beginning of yesterday to beginning of today).
- `fast_burn_threshold` (Number) The threshold defines when a burn rate is marked as fast-burning (high-emergency). Burn rates lower than this threshold (and greater than 1) are highlighted as slow-burn (low-emergency)
- `filter` (String) The entity filter for the SLO evaluation. See [syntax of entity selector](https://dt-url.net/entityselector) for details
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `legacy_id` (String) The ID of this setting when referred to by the Config REST API V1
- `metric_expression` (String) The percentage-based metric expression for the calculation of the SLO
- `metric_name` (String) No documentation available
- `target_success` (Number) The target value of the SLO
- `target_warning` (Number) The warning value of the SLO. At warning state the SLO is still fulfilled but is getting close to failure