---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_ag_token Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Access Tokens"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_ag_token` covers configuration for Active Gate Tokens
---

# dynatrace_api_token (Resource)

-> The usage of `dynatrace_ag_token` will introduce sensitive data within your Terraform state. The `token` property is flagged as `sensitive`, but the field will be stored as plain-text. More information can be found [here](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/state/sensitive-data).

-> The token value can be retrieved with `dynatrace_ag_token.<#name#>.token` after apply.

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Create ActiveGate tokens** (`activeGateTokenManagement.create`), **Read ActiveGate tokens** (`activeGateTokenManagement.read`) and **Write ActiveGate tokens** (`activeGateTokenManagement.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- ActiveGate tokens API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/tokens-v2/activegate-tokens

-> The export functionality isn't able to export Active Gate Tokens, because the token value is available only upon creation

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_ag_token" "#name#" {
  type = "ENVIRONMENT"
  expiration_date = "now+3d"
  name = "#name#"  
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the token.
- `type` (String) The type of the ActiveGate for which the token is valid. Possible values are `ENVIRONMENT` or `CLUSTER`

### Optional

- `expiration_date` (String) The expiration date of the token.

    You can use one of the following formats:

    * Timestamp in UTC milliseconds.
    * Human-readable format of 2021-01-25T05:57:01.123+01:00. If no time zone is specified, UTC is used. You can use a space character instead of the T. Seconds and fractions of a second are optional.
    * Relative timeframe, back from now. The format is now-NU/A, where N is the amount of time, U is the unit of time, and A is an alignment. The alignment rounds all the smaller values to the nearest zero in the past. For example, now-1y/w is one year back, aligned by a week. You can also specify relative timeframe without an alignment: now-NU. Supported time units for the relative timeframe are:
      - m: minutes
      - h: hours
      - d: days
      - w: weeks
      - M: months
      - y: years
- `seed` (Boolean) The token is a seed token (true) or an individual token (false). We recommend the individual token option (false)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tenant_token` (String, Sensitive) The tenant token. This information isn't directly related to the Active Gate Token. It's included for convenience. You require the permission `InstallerDownload` for that attribute to get populated
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The secret of the token.
 