---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_ansible_tower_notification Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_ansible_tower_notification` covers configuration problem notifications sent to Ansible Tower
---

# dynatrace_ansible_tower_notification (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Ansible Tower notifications - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/setup-and-configuration/integrations/problem-notifications/ansible-tower-integration

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:problem.notifications`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_ansible_tower_notification` downloads the existing Problem Notifications for Ansible Tower

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_ansible_tower_notification" "#name#" { # replace #name# with the name you would like your resource be known within your Terraform Module
  active           = false
  name             = "#name#" # replace #name# with the name you would like your entry to be displayed within the Dynatrace Web UI
  profile          = dynatrace_alerting.Default.id
  insecure         = true
  job_template_url = "https://localhost/#/templates/job_template/999"
  username         = "foo"
  password         = "bar"
  custom_message   = "some-custom-message"
}

resource "dynatrace_alerting" "Default" {
  name = "#name#"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `custom_message` (String) This message will be displayed in the Extra Variables **Message** field of your job template. Type '{' for placeholder suggestions.. #### Available placeholders
**{ImpactedEntities}**: Details about the entities impacted by the problem in form of a json array.

**{ImpactedEntity}**: A short description of the problem and impacted entity (or multiple impacted entities).

**{ImpactedEntityNames}**: The entity impacted by the problem.

**{NamesOfImpactedEntities}**: The names of all entities that are impacted by the problem.

**{PID}**: Unique system identifier of the reported problem.

**{ProblemDetailsText}**: All problem event details including root cause as a text-formatted string.

**{ProblemID}**: Display number of the reported problem.

**{ProblemImpact}**: Impact level of the problem. Possible values are APPLICATION, SERVICE, or INFRASTRUCTURE.

**{ProblemSeverity}**: Severity level of the problem. Possible values are AVAILABILITY, ERROR, PERFORMANCE, RESOURCE_CONTENTION, or CUSTOM_ALERT.

**{ProblemTitle}**: Short description of the problem.

**{ProblemURL}**: URL of the problem within Dynatrace.

**{State}**: Problem state. Possible values are OPEN or RESOLVED.

**{Tags}**: Comma separated list of tags that are defined for all impacted entities. To refer to the value of a specific tag, specify the tag's key in square brackets: **{Tags[key]}**. If the tag does not have any assigned value, the placeholder will be replaced by an empty string. The placeholder will not be replaced if the tag key does not exist.
- `job_template_url` (String) The URL of the target job template.

For example, https://<Ansible server name>/#/templates/job_template/<JobTemplateID>

**Note:** Be sure to select the **Prompt on Launch** option in the Extra Variables section of your job template configuration.
- `name` (String) The name of the notification configuration.
- `profile` (String) The ID of the associated alerting profile.
- `username` (String) Account username.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `insecure` (Boolean) Accept any SSL certificate (including self-signed and invalid certificates)
- `legacy_id` (String) The ID of these settings when referred to from resources requiring the REST API V1 keys
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Account password.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
 