---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dynatrace_application_anomalies Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# dynatrace_application_anomalies (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `failure_rate` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of failure rate increase detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--failure_rate))
- `response_time` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of response time degradation detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--response_time))
- `traffic` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for anomalies regarding traffic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--traffic))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--failure_rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `failure_rate`

Optional:

- `auto` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters of failure rate increase auto-detection. Example: If the expected error rate is 1.5%, and you set an absolute increase of 1%, and a relative increase of 50%, the thresholds will be:  Absolute: 1.5% + **1%** = 2.5%  Relative: 1.5% + 1.5% * **50%** = 2.25% (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--failure_rate--auto))
- `thresholds` (Block List, Max: 1) Fixed thresholds for failure rate increase detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--failure_rate--thresholds))

<a id="nestedblock--failure_rate--auto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `failure_rate.auto`

Required:

- `absolute` (Number) Absolute increase of failing service calls to trigger an alert, %
- `relative` (Number) Relative increase of failing service calls to trigger an alert, %

Optional:

- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider


<a id="nestedblock--failure_rate--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `failure_rate.thresholds`

Required:

- `sensitivity` (String) Sensitivity of the threshold.  With `low` sensitivity, high statistical confidence is used. Brief violations (for example, due to a surge in load) won't trigger alerts.  With `high` sensitivity, no statistical confidence is used. Each violation triggers alert
- `threshold` (Number) Failure rate during any 5-minute period to trigger an alert, %

Optional:

- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider



<a id="nestedblock--response_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_time`

Optional:

- `auto` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters of the response time degradation auto-detection. Violation of **any** criterion triggers an alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--response_time--auto))
- `thresholds` (Block List, Max: 1) Fixed thresholds for response time degradation detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--response_time--thresholds))

<a id="nestedblock--response_time--auto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_time.auto`

Required:

- `load` (String) Minimal service load to detect response time degradation. Response time degradation of services with smaller load won't trigger alerts. Possible values are `FIFTEEN_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`, `FIVE_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`, `ONE_REQUEST_PER_MINUTE` and `TEN_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`
- `milliseconds` (Number) Alert if the response time degrades by more than *X* milliseconds
- `percent` (Number) Alert if the response time degrades by more than *X* %
- `slowest_milliseconds` (Number) Alert if the response time of the slowest 10% degrades by more than *X* milliseconds
- `slowest_percent` (Number) Alert if the response time of the slowest 10% degrades by more than *X* milliseconds

Optional:

- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider


<a id="nestedblock--response_time--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_time.thresholds`

Required:

- `load` (String) Minimal service load to detect response time degradation. Response time degradation of services with smaller load won't trigger alerts. Possible values are `FIFTEEN_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`, `FIVE_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`, `ONE_REQUEST_PER_MINUTE` and `TEN_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`
- `milliseconds` (Number) Response time during any 5-minute period to trigger an alert, in milliseconds
- `sensitivity` (String) Sensitivity of the threshold.  With `low` sensitivity, high statistical confidence is used. Brief violations (for example, due to a surge in load) won't trigger alerts.  With `high` sensitivity, no statistical confidence is used. Each violation triggers an alert
- `slowest_milliseconds` (Number) Response time of the 10% slowest during any 5-minute period to trigger an alert, in milliseconds

Optional:

- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider



<a id="nestedblock--traffic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `traffic`

Optional:

- `drops` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration of traffic drops detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--traffic--drops))
- `spikes` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration of traffic spikes detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--traffic--spikes))

<a id="nestedblock--traffic--drops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `traffic.drops`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The detection is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)

Optional:

- `percent` (Number) Alert if the observed traffic is less than *X* % of the expected value


<a id="nestedblock--traffic--spikes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `traffic.spikes`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The detection is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)

Optional:

- `percent` (Number) Alert if the observed traffic is less than *X* % of the expected value


