---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_automation_workflow_aws_connections Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Deprecated"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_automation_workflow_aws_connections` covers configuration for AWS connections for Workflows app
---

# dynatrace_automation_workflow_aws_connections (Resource)

~> **Warning** This resource is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
We recommend using the `dynatrace_aws_connection` and `dynatrace_aws_role_arn` resources to manage AWS connections.


-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

-> This resource requires the OAuth scopes **Read settings** (`settings:objects:read`) and **Write settings** (`settings:objects:write`)

## Limitations
~> **Warning** If a resource is created using an API token or without setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true` (when both are used), the settings object's owner will remain empty.

An empty owner implies:
- The settings object becomes public, allowing other users with settings permissions to read and modify it.
- Changing the settings object's permissions will have no effect, meaning the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource can't alter its access.

When a settings object is created using platform credentials:
- The owner is set to the owner of the OAuth client or platform token.
- By default, the settings object is private; only the owner can read and modify it.
- Access modifiers can be managed using the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource.

We recommend using platform credentials to ensure a correct setup.
In case an API token is needed, we recommend setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true`.

## Dynatrace Documentation

- AWS for Workflows - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/platform-modules/automations/workflows/actions/aws

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:hyperscaler-authentication.aws.connection`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_automation_workflow_aws_connections` downloads existing AWS connections for Workflows configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_automation_workflow_aws_connections" "#name#" {
  name = "#name#"
  type = "webIdentity"
  web_identity {
    role_arn    = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/helloworld"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name
- `type` (String) Possible Values: `WebIdentity`

### Optional

- `web_identity` (Block List, Max: 1) no documentation available (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--web_identity))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--web_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `web_identity`

Required:

- `role_arn` (String, Sensitive) The ARN of the AWS role that should be assumed

Optional:

- `policy_arns` (List of String, Sensitive) An optional list of policies that can be used to restrict the AWS role
