---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_azure_credentials Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Credentials"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_azure_credentials` covers configuration for Azure credentials
---

# dynatrace_azure_credentials (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read configuration** (`ReadConfig`) and **Write configuration** (`WriteConfig`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Microsoft Azure monitoring - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/infrastructure-monitoring/cloud-platform-monitoring/microsoft-azure-services-monitoring

- Azure credentials API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/configuration-api/azure-credentials-api

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_azure_credentials` downloads all existing Azure credentials configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/guides/export-v2).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_azure_credentials" "#name#" {
  active                       = false
  app_id                       = "ABCDE"
  auto_tagging                 = true
  directory_id                 = "ABCDE"
  label                        = "#name#"
  key                          = "aaaa"
  monitor_only_tagged_entities = true

  monitor_only_tag_pairs {
    name  = "string"
    value = "string"
  }
  supporting_services_managed_in_dynatrace = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active` (Boolean) The monitoring is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`).  If not set on creation, the `true` value is used.  If the field is omitted during an update, the old value remains unaffected
- `monitor_only_tagged_entities` (Boolean) Monitor only resources that have specified Azure tags (`true`) or all resources (`false`).

### Optional

- `app_id` (String) The Application ID (also referred to as Client ID)  The combination of Application ID and Directory ID must be unique
- `auto_tagging` (Boolean) The automatic capture of Azure tags is on (`true`) or off (`false`)
- `directory_id` (String) The Directory ID (also referred to as Tenant ID)  The combination of Application ID and Directory ID must be unique
- `key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key associated with the Application ID.  For security reasons, GET requests return this field as `null`. Submit your key on creation or update of the configuration. If the field is omitted during an update, the old value remains unaffected.
- `label` (String) The unique name of the Azure credentials configuration.  Allowed characters are letters, numbers, and spaces. Also the special characters `.+-_` are allowed
- `monitor_only_excluding_tag_pairs` (Block List, Max: 20) A list of Azure tags to be excluded from monitoring.  You can specify up to 20 tags. A resource tagged with *any* of the specified tags is monitored.  Only applicable when the **monitorOnlyTaggedEntities** parameter is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitor_only_excluding_tag_pairs))
- `monitor_only_tag_pairs` (Block List, Max: 20) A list of Azure tags to be monitored.  You can specify up to 20 tags. A resource tagged with *any* of the specified tags is monitored.  Only applicable when the **monitorOnlyTaggedEntities** parameter is set to `true` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitor_only_tag_pairs))
- `supporting_services` (Block List) A list of Azure supporting services to be monitored. For each service there's a sublist of its metrics and the metrics' dimensions that should be monitored. All of these elements (services, metrics, dimensions) must have corresponding static definitions on the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--supporting_services))
- `supporting_services_managed_in_dynatrace` (Boolean) If enabled (`true`) the attribute `supporting_services` will not get synchronized with Dynatrace. You will be able to manage them via WebUI without interference by Terraform.
- `unknowns` (String) Any attributes that aren't yet supported by this provider

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--monitor_only_excluding_tag_pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitor_only_excluding_tag_pairs`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the tag.
- `unknowns` (String) Any attributes that aren't yet supported by this provider
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.   If set to `null`, then resources with any value of the tag are monitored.


<a id="nestedblock--monitor_only_tag_pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitor_only_tag_pairs`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the tag.
- `unknowns` (String) Any attributes that aren't yet supported by this provider
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.   If set to `null`, then resources with any value of the tag are monitored.


<a id="nestedblock--supporting_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supporting_services`

Optional:

- `monitored_metrics` (Block List) A list of Azure tags to be monitored.  You can specify up to 10 tags. A resource tagged with *any* of the specified tags is monitored.  Only applicable when the **monitorOnlyTaggedEntities** parameter is set to `true` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--supporting_services--monitored_metrics))
- `name` (String) The name of the supporting service.
- `unknowns` (String) Any attributes that aren't yet supported by this provider

<a id="nestedblock--supporting_services--monitored_metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supporting_services.monitored_metrics`

Optional:

- `dimensions` (List of String) a list of metric's dimensions names
- `name` (String) the name of the metric of the supporting service
- `unknowns` (String) Any attributes that aren't yet supported by this provider
 