---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_browser_monitor_outage Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_browser_monitor_outage` covers configuration for browser monitor outage handling
---

# dynatrace_browser_monitor_outage (Resource)

-> Configuration of the synthetic test scope overlaps with [dynatrace_browser_monitor](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/resources/browser_monitor), but this resource in addition provides an option for an environment scope.

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Synthetic alerting overview - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/platform-modules/digital-experience/synthetic-monitoring/analysis-and-alerting/synthetic-alerting-overview

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:synthetic.browser.outage-handling`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_browser_monitor_outage` downloads all existing browser monitor outage handling configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/guides/export-v2).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_browser_monitor_outage" "#name#" {
  global_consecutive_outage_count_threshold = 3
  global_outages                            = true
  local_consecutive_outage_count_threshold  = 5
  local_location_outage_count_threshold     = 1
  local_outages                             = true
  retry_on_error                            = true
  scope                                     = "environment"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `global_outages` (Boolean) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_browser_monitor`) Generate a problem and send an alert when the monitor is unavailable at all configured locations.
- `local_outages` (Boolean) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_browser_monitor`) Generate a problem and send an alert when the monitor is unavailable for one or more consecutive runs at any location.
- `retry_on_error` (Boolean) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_browser_monitor`) When enabled, which is the default, failing monitor executions are retried immediately one time to avoid false positives and only the second result is used. When disabled, we use the first result right away.
Requires ActiveGate version 1.207+ for private locations.

### Optional

- `global_consecutive_outage_count_threshold` (Number) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_browser_monitor`) Alert if all locations are unable to access my web application
- `local_consecutive_outage_count_threshold` (Number) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_browser_monitor`) are unable to access my web application
- `local_location_outage_count_threshold` (Number) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_browser_monitor`) Alert if at least
- `scope` (String) The scope of this setting (SYNTHETIC_TEST). Omit this property if you want to cover the whole environment.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
 