---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_calculated_synthetic_metric Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Synthetic"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_calculated_synthetic_metric` covers configuration for calculated synthetic metrics
---

# dynatrace_calculated_synthetic_metric (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read configuration** (`ReadConfig`) and **Write configuration** (`WriteConfig`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Multidimensional analysis for browser monitors - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/platform-modules/digital-experience/synthetic-monitoring/analysis-and-alerting/multidimensional-analysis-for-browser-monitors

- Calculated metrics API - Synthetic - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/configuration-api/calculated-metrics/synthetic-metrics

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_calculated_synthetic_metric` downloads all existing calculated synthetic metric configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/guides/export-v2).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_calculated_synthetic_metric" "#name#" {
  name               = "#name#"
  enabled            = true
  metric             = "ResourceCount"
  metric_key         = "calc:synthetic.browser.#name#"
  monitor_identifier = "SYNTHETIC_TEST-74EEC98A3855C3DD"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) The metric is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `metric` (String) The type of the synthetic metric. Possible values: [ ApplicationCache, Callback, CumulativeLayoutShift, DNSLookup, DOMComplete, DOMContentLoaded, DOMInteractive, FailedRequestsResources, FirstContentfulPaint, FirstInputDelay, FirstInputStart, FirstPaint, HTMLDownloaded, HttpErrors, JavaScriptErrors, LargestContentfulPaint, LoadEventEnd, LoadEventStart, LongTasks, NavigationStart, OnDOMContentLoaded, OnLoad, Processing, RedirectTime, Request, RequestStart, ResourceCount, Response, SecureConnect, SpeedIndex, TCPConnect, TimeToFirstByte, TotalDuration, TransferSize, UserActionDuration, VisuallyComplete ]
- `metric_key` (String) The unique key of the calculated synthetic metric.
- `monitor_identifier` (String) The Dynatrace entity ID of the monitor to which the metric belongs.
- `name` (String) The displayed name of the metric.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Descriptor of a calculated synthetic metric.
- `dimensions` (Block List) Dimension of the calculated synthetic metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dimensions))
- `filter` (Block List, Max: 1) Filter of the calculated synthetic metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dimensions`

Optional:

- `dimension` (Block List) A dimensions for the metric usage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dimensions--dimension))

<a id="nestedblock--dimensions--dimension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dimensions.dimension`

Required:

- `dimension` (String) The dimension of the metric. Possible values are `Event`, `Location`, `ResourceOrigin`

Optional:

- `top_x` (Number) The number of top values to be calculated



<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `action_type` (String) Only user actions of the specified type are included in the metric calculation
- `error_code` (Number) Only executions finished with the specified error code are included in the metric calculation.
- `event` (String) Only the specified browser clickpath event is included in the metric calculation. Specify the Dynatrace entity ID of the event here.
- `has_error` (Boolean) The execution status of the monitors to be included in the metric calculation: `true` or `false`
- `location` (String) Only executions from the specified location are included in the metric calculation. Specify the Dynatrace entity ID of the location here.
 