---
layout: ""
page_title: "calculated_mobile_metric Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Mobile & Custom Applications"
description: |-
  The resource `calculated_mobile_metric` covers configuration for calculated mobile/custom app metrics
---

# calculated_mobile_metric (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read configuration** (`ReadConfig`) and **Write configuration** (`WriteConfig`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Create calculated metrics for mobile applications - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/platform-modules/digital-experience/mobile-applications/additional-configuration/rum-calculated-metrics-mobile

- Mobile app metrics API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/configuration-api/calculated-metrics/mobile-app-metrics

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export calculated_mobile_metric` downloads all existing calculated mobile/custom app metric configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_calculated_mobile_metric" "#name#" {
  name           = "#name#"
  enabled        = true
  app_identifier = "MOBILE_APPLICATION-7F6AE72450E14F11"
  metric_key     = "calc:apps.mobile.#name#"
  metric_type    = "USER_ACTION_DURATION"
  dimensions {
    dimension {
      dimension = "APP_VERSION"
      top_x     = 10
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_identifier` (String) The Dynatrace entity ID of the application to which the metric belongs.
- `enabled` (Boolean) The metric is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `metric_key` (String) The unique key of the calculated mobile/custom app metric.
- `metric_type` (String) The type of the metric. Possible values: [ REPORTED_ERROR_COUNT, USER_ACTION_DURATION, WEB_REQUEST_COUNT, WEB_REQUEST_ERROR_COUNT ]
- `name` (String) The displayed name of the metric.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Descriptor of a calculated mobile/custom app metric.
- `dimensions` (Block List) Parameters of a definition of a calculated mobile/custom app metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dimensions))
- `user_action_filter` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters of a definition of a calculated mobile/custom app metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dimensions`

Optional:

- `dimension` (Block List) A dimensions for the metric usage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dimensions--dimension))

<a id="nestedblock--dimensions--dimension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dimensions.dimension`

Required:

- `dimension` (String) The dimension of the metric. Possible values are `ApdexType`, `Browser`, `ErrorContext`, `ErrorOrigin`, `ErrorType`, `GeoLocation`, `StringProperty`, `UserActionType`
- `top_x` (Number) The number of top values to be calculated



<a id="nestedblock--user_action_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_filter`

Optional:

- `action_duration_from_milliseconds` (Number) Only actions with a duration more than or equal to this value (in milliseconds) are included in the metric calculation.
- `action_duration_to_milliseconds` (Number) Only actions with a duration less than or equal to this value (in milliseconds) are included in the metric calculation.
- `apdex` (String) Only actions with the specified Apdex score are included in the metric calculation. Possible values: [ Frustrated, Satisfied, Tolerating, Unknown ]
- `app_version` (String) Only actions coming from this app version are included in the metric calculation.
- `carrier` (String) Only actions coming from this carrier type are included in the metric calculation.
- `city` (String) Only actions of users from this city are included in the metric calculation. Specify geolocation ID here.
- `connection_type` (String) Only actions coming from this connection type are included in the metric calculation. Possible values: [ LAN, MOBILE, OFFLINE, UNKNOWN, WIFI ]
- `continent` (String) Only actions of users from this continent are included in the metric calculation. Specify geolocation ID here.
- `country` (String) Only actions of users from this country are included in the metric calculation. Specify geolocation ID here.
- `device` (String) Only actions coming from this app version are included in the metric calculation.
- `has_http_error` (Boolean) The request error status of the actions to be included in the metric calculation: `true` or `false`
- `has_reported_error` (Boolean) The error status of the actions to be included in the metric calculation: `true` or `false`
- `isp` (String) Only actions coming from this internet service provider are included in the metric calculation.
- `manufacturer` (String) Only actions coming from devices of this manufacturer are included in the metric calculation.
- `network_technology` (String) Filter by network technology
- `orientation` (String) Only actions coming from devices with this display orientation are included in the metric calculation. Possible values: [ LANDSCAPE, PORTRAIT, UNKNOWN ]
- `os_family` (String) Only actions coming from this OS family are included in the metric calculation.
- `os_version` (String) Only actions coming from this OS version are included in the metric calculation.
- `region` (String) Only actions of users from this region are included in the metric calculation. Specify geolocation ID here.
- `resolution` (String) Only actions coming from devices with this display resolution are included in the metric calculation. Possible values: [ CGA, DCI2K, DCI4K, DVGA, FHD, FWVGA, FWXGA, GHDPlus, HD, HQVGA, HQVGA2, HSXGA, HUXGA, HVGA, HXGA, NTSC, PAL, QHD, QQVGA, QSXGA, QUXGA, QVGA, QWXGA, QXGA, SVGA, SXGA, SXGAMinus, SXGAPlus, UGA, UHD16K, UHD4K, UHD8K, UHDPlus, UNKNOWN, UWQHD, UXGA, VGA, WHSXGA, WHUXGA, WHXGA, WQSXGA, WQUXGA, WQVGA, WQVGA2, WQVGA3, WQXGA, WQXGA2, WSVGA, WSVGA2, WSXGA, WSXGAPlus, WUXGA, WVGA, WVGA2, WXGA, WXGA2, WXGA3, WXGAPlus, XGA, XGAPLUS, _1280x854, nHD, qHD ]
- `user_action_name` (String) Only actions with this name are included in the metric calculation.
 