---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_credentials Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Credentials"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_credentials` covers configuration for credentials
---

# dynatrace_credentials (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read credential vault entries** (`credentialVault.read`) and **Write credential vault entries** (`credentialVault.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Credential vault for synthetic monitors - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/platform-modules/digital-experience/synthetic-monitoring/general-information/credential-vault-for-synthetic-monitors

- Credential vault API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/credential-vault

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_credentials` downloads all existing credentials

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/guides/export-v2).

## Resource Example Usage

```
resource "dynatrace_credentials" "name" {
  name     = "name"
  scope    = "SYNTHETIC"
  username = "username"
  password = "password"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the credentials set

### Optional

- `allow_contextless_requests` (Boolean) Allow ad-hoc functions to access the credential details (requires the APP_ENGINE scope).
- `certificate` (String) The certificate in the string format.
- `credential_usage_summary` (Block List, Max: 2, Deprecated) The list contains summary data related to the use of credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--credential_usage_summary))
- `description` (String) A short description of the credentials set
- `external` (Block List, Max: 1) External Vault Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--external))
- `format` (String) The certificate format. Possible values are `PEM`, `PKCS12` and `UNKNOWN`.
- `owner_access_only` (Boolean) The credentials set is available to every user (`false`) or to owner only (`true`)
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the credential. Note: Terraform treats an empty string for a value as if the attribute was absent. If you want to set an empty password, use the value `--empty--`.
- `public` (Boolean) For certificate authentication specifies whether it's public certificate auth (`true`) or not (`false`).
- `scope` (String, Deprecated) The scope of the credentials set. Possible values are `ALL`, `EXTENSION` and `SYNTHETIC`
- `scopes` (Set of String) The set of scopes of the credentials set. Possible values are `ALL`, `EXTENSION` and `SYNTHETIC`
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token in the string format. Specifying a token implies `Token Authentication`.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) The username of the credentials set.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--credential_usage_summary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_usage_summary`

Required:

- `count` (Number) The number of uses
- `type` (String) Type of usage, `HTTP_MONITOR` or `BROWSER_MONITOR`


<a id="nestedblock--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external`

Optional:

- `certificate` (String) Required for Hashicorp Certificate. The ID of Credentials within the Certificate Vault holding the certificate
- `client_secret` (String) Required for Azure Client Secret. No further documentation available
- `clientid` (String) Required for Azure Client Secret. No further documentation available
- `credentials_used_for_external_synchronization` (Set of String) No documentation available
- `password_secret_name` (String) No documentation available
- `path_to_credentials` (String) Required for Hashicorp App Role or Hashicorp Certificate. No further documentation available
- `roleid` (String) Required for Hashicorp App Role. No further documentation available
- `secretid` (String) Required for Hashicorp App Role. The ID of Credentials within the Certificate Vault holding the secret id
- `tenantid` (String) Required for Azure Client Secret. No further documentation available
- `token_secret_name` (String) No documentation available
- `username_secret_name` (String) No documentation available
- `vault_namespace` (String) Required for Hashicorp App Role. No further documentation available
- `vault_url` (String) No documentation available
 