---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_custom_app_enablement Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Mobile & Custom Applications"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_custom_app_enablement` covers configuration for custom application enablement and cost control
---

# dynatrace_custom_app_enablement (Resource)

-> Configuration of the application scope overlaps with [dynatrace_mobile_application](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/resources/mobile_application), but this resource in addition provides an option for an environment scope.

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Configure cost and traffic control for custom applications - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/real-user-monitoring/setup-and-configuration/custom-applications/configure-cost-and-traffic-control-custom

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:rum.custom.enablement`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_custom_app_enablement` downloads all existing custom application enablement and cost control configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/guides/export-v2).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_custom_app_enablement" "#name#" {
  scope = "environment"
  rum {
    enabled                  = false
    cost_and_traffic_control = 40
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rum` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Capture and analyze all user actions within your application. Enable [Real User Monitoring (RUM)](https://dt-url.net/1n2b0prq) to monitor and improve your application's performance, identify errors, and gain insight into your user's behavior and experience. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rum))

### Optional

- `scope` (String) The scope of this setting (CUSTOM_APPLICATION). Omit this property if you want to cover the whole environment.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rum"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rum`

Required:

- `cost_and_traffic_control` (Number) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_mobile_application`) Percentage of user sessions captured and analyzed. By default, Dynatrace captures all user actions and user sessions for analysis. This approach ensures complete insight into your application’s performance and customer experience. You can optionally reduce the granularity of user-action and user-session analysis by capturing a lower percentage of user sessions. While this approach can reduce monitoring costs, it also results in lower visibility into how your customers are using your applications. For example, a setting of 10% results in Dynatrace analyzing only every tenth user session.
- `enabled` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
 