---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_custom_device Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Monitored Entities"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_custom_device` covers configuration for custom devices.
  -> Deleting a Custom Device is currently not supported by the Dynatrace REST API. As a consequence, Custom Devices created via this Resource, won't really get removed from your Dynatrace Environment. Terraform will simply forget about it. Subsequent attempts to create another Custom Device with the same `custom_device_id` will simply update the existing one.
---

# dynatrace_custom_device (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read entities** (`entities.read`) and **Write entities** (`entities.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Monitored entities API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/entity-v2 

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_custom_device" "#name#" {
  custom_device_id = "customDeviceId"
  display_name     = "customDevicename"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The name of the custom device, displayed in the UI.

### Optional

- `config_url` (String) The URL of a configuration web page for the custom device, such as a login page for a firewall or router.
- `custom_device_id` (String) The unique name of the custom device. This Id can either be provided in the resource or generated by Terraform when the resource is created. If you use the ID of an existing device, the respective parameters will be updated
- `dns_names` (Set of String) The list of DNS names related to the custom device.
- `favicon_url` (String) The icon to be displayed for your custom component within Smartscape. Provide the full URL of the icon file.
- `group` (String) User defined group of entity. Changing the group requires a new custom device to be created.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String) The list of IP addresses that belong to the custom device.
- `listen_ports` (Set of Number) The list of ports the custom devices listens to.
- `properties` (Map of String, Deprecated) The list of key-value pair properties that will be shown beneath the infographics of your custom device.
- `props` (String) The list of key-value pair properties that will be shown beneath the infographics of your custom device.
- `type` (String) The technology type definition of the custom device.
- `ui_based` (Boolean) If `true` the custom device will be handled as if it was created via UI. It will be refreshed automatically and won't age out. This attribute is taken into consideration when creating the custom device. Changing it afterwards won't have an effect.

### Read-Only

- `entity_id` (String) The Dynatrace EntityID of this resource. If you need to refer to this custom device within other resources you want to use this ID
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
 