---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_dashboard_sharing Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Dashboards"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_dashboard_sharing` covers configuration for dashboard sharing
---

# dynatrace_dashboard_sharing (Resource)

-> This is a child resource of [dynatrace_json_dashboard](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/resources/json_dashboard), therefore it is automatically retrieved with the dashboard. 

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read configuration** (`ReadConfig`) and **Write configuration** (`WriteConfig`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Share Dynatrace dashboards - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/dashboards-and-charts/dashboards/share-dashboards

- Dashboards API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/configuration-api/dashboards-api

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dashboard_id` (String) The Dynatrace entity ID of the dashboard

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) The dashboard is shared (`true`) or private (`false`). Make sure that this value is aligned with the attribute `shared` of the resources `dynatrace_dashboard` and `dynatrace_json_dashboard`. Otherwise you will encounter non-empty plans.
- `permissions` (Block List, Max: 1) Access permissions of the dashboard (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))
- `preset` (Boolean) If `true` the dashboard will be marked as preset. Setting this attribute to `true` will automatically enforce a specific set of permissions - Dashboards flagged as Preset are shared by default. Make sure that this value is aligned with the attribute `preset` of the resources `dynatrace_dashboard` and `dynatrace_json_dashboard`. Otherwise you will encounter non-empty plans.
- `public` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of the [anonymous access](https://dt-url.net/ov03sf1) to the dashboard (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--public))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `muted` (Boolean) Reserved for internal use by the provider

<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `permission` (Block Set) Access permissions of the dashboard (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--permission))

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.permission`

Required:

- `level` (String) The level of the permission: 
 
* `VIEW`: The dashboard is shared with read permission. 
* `EDIT`: The dashboard is shared with edit permission
- `type` (String) The type of the permission: 

* `USER`: The dashboard is shared with the specified user. 
* `GROUP`: The dashboard is shared with all users of the specified group. 
* `ALL`: The dashboard is shared via link. Any authenticated user with the link can view the dashboard

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the user or group to whom the permission is granted.

Not applicable if the **type** is set to `ALL`



<a id="nestedblock--public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public`

Required:

- `management_zones` (Set of String) A list of management zones that can display data on the publicly shared dashboard. 

Specify management zone IDs here. For each management zone you specify Dynatrace generates an access link. To share the dashboard with its default management zone, use the `default` value

Optional:

- `urls` (Map of String) A list of URLs for anonymous access to the dashboard indexed by management zone name
 