---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_davis_copilot Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Service Settings"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_davis_copilot` covers configuration for Davis CoPilot
---

# dynatrace_davis_copilot (Resource)

-> **This is in Preview** Davis CoPilot is currently in Preview and only accessible to selected customers. If you would like to share feedback or ideas, please join our dedicated Community user group, or reach out to your Customer Success Manager.

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Davis CoPilot overview - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/platform/davis-ai/copilot

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `service:davis.copilot.datamining-blocklist`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_davis_copilot` downloads existing Davis CoPilot configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_davis_copilot" "#name#" {
  enable_copilot                  = true
  enable_tenant_aware_data_mining = true
  blocklist_entries {
    blocklist_entrie {
      name = "#name#"
      type = "TABLE"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enable_copilot` (Boolean) Please note that once enabled, you still need to [assign permissions](https://dt-url.net/rh22idn "Davis CoPilot permissions") to the relevant user groups.

### Optional

- `blocklist_entries` (Block List, Max: 1) You can exclude specific data buckets and tables from the Davis CoPilot semantic index. Learn more about [configuring data access](https://dt-url.net/lc62i1q "Davis CoPilot data access"). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blocklist_entries))
- `enable_tenant_aware_data_mining` (Boolean) You can enrich Davis CoPilot with your environment data. This lets you generate more accurate queries that identify and reference relevant entities, events, spans, logs, and metrics from your environment. Once enabled, Davis CoPilot periodically scans your Grail data to create its own semantic index. Please note, it can take up to 24 hours to reflect changes. Learn more about [environment-aware queries](https://dt-url.net/4g42iu7 "Davis CoPilot environment aware queries").

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--blocklist_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocklist_entries`

Required:

- `blocklist_entrie` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blocklist_entries--blocklist_entrie))

<a id="nestedblock--blocklist_entries--blocklist_entrie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocklist_entries.blocklist_entrie`

Required:

- `name` (String) no documentation available
- `type` (String) Possible Values: `BUCKET`, `TABLE`
 