---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_disk_anomalies Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_disk_anomalies` covers configuration for disk anomaly detection
---

# dynatrace_disk_anomalies (Resource)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Adjust the sensitivity of anomaly detection for infrastructure - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/problem-detection-and-analysis/problem-detection/adjust-sensitivity-anomaly-detection/adjust-sensitivity-infastructure

- Anomaly detection API - Disk events - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/configuration-api/anomaly-detection-api/anomaly-detection-api-disk-events

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace export dynatrace_disk_anomalies` downloads all existing disk anomaly detection configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs#exporting-existing-configuration-from-a-dynatrace-environment).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_disk_anomalies" "#name#" {
  name              = "#name#"
  enabled           = true
  metric            = "LOW_DISK_SPACE"
  samples           = 5
  threshold         = 10
  violating_samples = 5
  disk_name {
    operator = "CONTAINS"
    value    = "888"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Disk event rule enabled/disabled
- `metric` (String) The metric to monitor. Possible values are: `LOW_DISK_SPACE`, `LOW_INODES`, `READ_TIME_EXCEEDING` and `WRITE_TIME_EXCEEDING`
- `name` (String) The name of the disk event rule
- `samples` (Number) The number of samples to evaluate
- `threshold` (Number) The threshold to trigger disk event.   * A percentage for `LowDiskSpace` or `LowInodes` metrics.   * In milliseconds for `ReadTimeExceeding` or `WriteTimeExceeding` metrics
- `violating_samples` (Number) The number of samples that must violate the threshold to trigger an event. Must not exceed the number of evaluated samples

### Optional

- `disk_name` (Block List, Max: 1) Narrows the rule usage down to disks, matching the specified criteria (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disk_name))
- `host_group_id` (String) Narrows the rule usage down to disks that run on hosts that themselves run on the specified host group
- `tags` (Block List, Max: 1) Narrows the rule usage down to the hosts matching the specified tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--disk_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk_name`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Possible values are: `CONTAINS`, `DOES_NOT_CONTAIN`, `DOES_NOT_EQUAL`, `DOES_NOT_START_WITH`, `EQUALS` and `STARTS_WITH`
- `value` (String) Value to compare to


<a id="nestedblock--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `filter` (Block List) A Tag Filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tags--filter))

<a id="nestedblock--tags--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags.filter`

Required:

- `context` (String) The origin of the tag, such as AWS or Cloud Foundry. Custom tags use the `CONTEXTLESS` value
- `key` (String) The key of the tag. Custom tags have the tag value here

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the tag. Not applicable to custom tags
 