---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_event_driven_ansible_connections Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "AppEngine"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_event_driven_ansible_connections` covers configuration for Red Hat event-driven Ansible connections
---

# dynatrace_event_driven_ansible_connections (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

-> This resource requires the OAuth scopes **Read settings** (`settings:objects:read`) and **Write settings** (`settings:objects:write`)

## Limitations
~> **Warning** If a resource is created using an API token or without setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true` (when both are used), the settings object's owner will remain empty.

An empty owner implies:
- The settings object becomes public, allowing other users with settings permissions to read and modify it.
- Changing the settings object's permissions will have no effect, meaning the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource can't alter its access.

When a settings object is created using platform credentials:
- The owner is set to the owner of the OAuth client or platform token.
- By default, the settings object is private; only the owner can read and modify it.
- Access modifiers can be managed using the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource.

We recommend using platform credentials to ensure a correct setup.
In case an API token is needed, we recommend setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true`.

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Red Hat Ansible Automation - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/analyze-explore-automate/workflows/actions/red-hat/redhat-ansible

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `app:dynatrace.redhat.ansible:eda-webhook.connection`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_event_driven_ansible_connections` downloads all existing Red Hat event-driven Ansible connections

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_event_driven_ansible_connections" "#name#"{
  event_stream_enabled = true
  name    = "#name#"
  url     = "https://www.google.com"
  type    = "api-token"
  token   = "######"
  }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique and clearly identifiable connection name.
- `type` (String) Possible Values: `Api_token`
- `url` (String) URL of the Event-Driven Ansible source plugin webhook. For example, https://eda.yourdomain.com:5010

### Optional

- `event_stream_enabled` (Boolean) Flag if Red Hat Event Stream is use for Event-Driven Ansible
- `token` (String, Sensitive) API access token for the Event-Driven Ansible Controller. Please note that this token is not refreshed and can expire.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
