---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_generic_setting Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_generic_setting` covers configuration for Schemas contributed by Custom Platform Apps
---

# dynatrace_generic_setting (Resource)

-> **Dynatrace SaaS only**

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)
-> In case the Platform App configured by such a settings explicitly validates them, authentication via API Token may not be enough. In such a case the environment variables `DT_CLIENT_ID` and `DT_CLIENT_SECRET`, or alternatively `DT_PLATFORM_TOKEN` are required. The following OAuth scopes are required `app-engine:apps:run` and `settings:objects:write`. In any case, Terraform will primarily attempt to create or modify the settings using the API Token and if that fails will utilize OAuth for authentication.

## Limitations
~> **Warning** If a resource is created using an API token or without setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true` (when both are used), the settings object's owner will remain empty.

An empty owner implies:
- The settings object becomes public, allowing other users with settings permissions to read and modify it.
- Changing the settings object's permissions will have no effect, meaning the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource can't alter its access.

When a settings object is created using platform credentials:
- The owner is set to the owner of the OAuth client or platform token.

If the provided schema permits modifications to access modifiers, indicated by `ownerBasedAccessControl` being set to `true`, the following statements hold true:
- By default, the settings object is private; only the owner can read and modify it.
- Access modifiers can be managed using the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource.

We recommend using platform credentials to ensure a correct setup.
In case an API token is needed, we recommend setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true`.

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_generic_setting` downloads all existing settings related to Platform Apps.

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

The actual payload of the configuration is essentially any kind of JSON object assigned to the attribute `value`.
The `scope` attribute is optional and defaults to `environment` - which is usually the case for settings contributed by Platform Apps.
You can best `schema` for the settings of a specific Platform App find when navigating in the WebUI to these settings and click the ellipsis button.

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_generic_setting" "ABC" {
  schema = "app:my.booking.analytics:connection"
  scope  = "environment"
  value = jsonencode({
    "client_id"     : "asdfhh",
    "client_secret" : "mysecret",
    "name"          : "ABC",
    "tenant_id"     : "asdf",
    "type"          : "client_secret",
    "user_id"       : "asdf"
  })
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `schema` (String)
- `value` (String)

### Optional

- `scope` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `local_storage` (String)
