---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_generic_relationships Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Topology Model"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_generic_relationships` covers configuration for custom topology generic relationships
---

# dynatrace_generic_relationships (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Define custom topology - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/extend-dynatrace/extend-topology/custom-topology

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:monitoredentities.generic.relation`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_generic_relationships` downloads all existing custom topology generic relationships configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_generic_relationships" "#name#" {
  enabled          = true
  created_by       = "Terraform"
  from_role        = "terraformrole"
  from_type        = "os:service"
  to_role          = "terraformrole"
  to_type          = "terraformdestination"
  type_of_relation = "PART_OF"
  sources {
    source {
      condition   = "$eq(terraform)"
      source_type = "Metrics"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `created_by` (String) The user or extension that created this relationship.
- `enabled` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `from_type` (String) Define an entity type as the source of the relationship.
- `sources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specify all sources which should be evaluated for this relationship rule. The relationship is only created when any of the filters match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sources))
- `to_type` (String) Define an entity type as the destination of the relationship. You can choose the same type as the source type. In this case you also may assign different roles for source and destination for having directed relationships.
- `type_of_relation` (String) Possible Values: `CALLS`, `CHILD_OF`, `INSTANCE_OF`, `PART_OF`, `RUNS_ON`, `SAME_AS`

### Optional

- `from_role` (String) Specify a role for the source entity. If both source and destination type are the same, referring different roles will allow identification of a relationships direction. If role is left blank, any role of the source type is considered for the relationship.
- `to_role` (String) Specify a role for the destination entity. If both source and destination type are the same, referring different roles will allow identification of a relationships direction. If role is left blank, any role of the destination type is considered for the relationship.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources`

Required:

- `source` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sources--source))

<a id="nestedblock--sources--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.source`

Required:

- `source_type` (String) Possible Values: `BusinessEvents`, `Entities`, `Events`, `Logs`, `Metrics`, `Spans`, `Topology`

Optional:

- `condition` (String) Specify a filter that needs to match in order for the extraction to happen.. Two different filters are supported: `$eq(value)` will ensure that the source matches exactly 'value', while `$prefix(value)` will ensure that the source begins with exactly 'value'.
If your value contains the characters '(', ')' or '\~', you need to escape them by adding a '\~' in front of them.
- `mapping_rules` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify all properties which should be compared. If all mapping rules match a relationship between entities will be created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sources--source--mapping_rules))

<a id="nestedblock--sources--source--mapping_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.source.mapping_rules`

Required:

- `mapping_rule` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sources--source--mapping_rules--mapping_rule))

<a id="nestedblock--sources--source--mapping_rules--mapping_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.source.mapping_rules.mapping_rule`

Required:

- `destination_property` (String) The case-sensitive name of a property of the destination type.
- `destination_transformation` (String) Possible Values: `Leavetextas_is`, `Tolowercase`, `Touppercase`
- `source_property` (String) The case-sensitive name of a property of the source type.
- `source_transformation` (String) Possible Values: `Leavetextas_is`, `Tolowercase`, `Touppercase`
 