---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dynatrace_http_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# dynatrace_http_monitor (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **frequency** (Number) The frequency of the monitor, in minutes.

You can use one of the following values: `5`, `10`, `15`, `30`, and `60`.
- **name** (String) The name of the monitor.

### Optional

- **anomaly_detection** (Block List) The anomaly detection configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--anomaly_detection))
- **enabled** (Boolean) The monitor is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`).
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **locations** (Set of String) A list of locations from which the monitor is executed.

To specify a location, use its entity ID.
- **manually_assigned_apps** (Set of String) A set of manually assigned applications.
- **script** (Block List, Max: 1) The HTTP Script (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--script))
- **tags** (Block List) A set of tags assigned to the monitor.

You can specify only the value of the tag here and the `CONTEXTLESS` context and source 'USER' will be added automatically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tags))

<a id="nestedblock--anomaly_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `anomaly_detection`

Optional:

- **loading_time_thresholds** (Block List) Thresholds for loading times (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--anomaly_detection--loading_time_thresholds))
- **outage_handling** (Block List) Outage handling configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--anomaly_detection--outage_handling))

<a id="nestedblock--anomaly_detection--loading_time_thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `anomaly_detection.loading_time_thresholds`

Optional:

- **enabled** (Boolean) Performance threshold is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- **thresholds** (Block List) The list of performance threshold rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--anomaly_detection--loading_time_thresholds--thresholds))

<a id="nestedblock--anomaly_detection--loading_time_thresholds--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `anomaly_detection.loading_time_thresholds.thresholds`

Required:

- **threshold** (Block List, Min: 1) The list of performance threshold rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--anomaly_detection--loading_time_thresholds--thresholds--threshold))

<a id="nestedblock--anomaly_detection--loading_time_thresholds--thresholds--threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `anomaly_detection.loading_time_thresholds.thresholds.threshold`

Required:

- **value_ms** (Number) Notify if monitor takes longer than *X* milliseconds to load

Optional:

- **event_index** (Number) Specify the event to which an ACTION threshold applies
- **request_index** (Number) Specify the request to which an ACTION threshold applies
- **type** (String) The type of the threshold: `TOTAL` (total loading time) or `ACTION` (action loading time)




<a id="nestedblock--anomaly_detection--outage_handling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `anomaly_detection.outage_handling`

Optional:

- **global_outage** (Boolean) When enabled (`true`), generate a problem and send an alert when the monitor is unavailable at all configured locations
- **local_outage** (Boolean) When enabled (`true`), generate a problem and send an alert when the monitor is unavailable for one or more consecutive runs at any location
- **local_outage_policy** (Block List) Local outage handling configuration. 

 Alert if **affectedLocations** of locations are unable to access the web application **consecutiveRuns** times consecutively (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--anomaly_detection--outage_handling--local_outage_policy))
- **retry_on_error** (Boolean) Schedule retry if browser monitor execution results in a fail. For HTTP monitors this property is ignored

<a id="nestedblock--anomaly_detection--outage_handling--local_outage_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `anomaly_detection.outage_handling.local_outage_policy`

Required:

- **affected_locations** (Number) The number of affected locations to trigger an alert
- **consecutive_runs** (Number) The number of consecutive fails to trigger an alert




<a id="nestedblock--script"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script`

Required:

- **request** (Block List, Min: 1) A HTTP request to be performed by the monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--script--request))

<a id="nestedblock--script--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script.request`

Required:

- **method** (String) The HTTP method of the request.
- **url** (String) The URL to check.

Optional:

- **body** (String) The body of the HTTP request.
- **configuration** (Block List, Max: 1) The setup of the monitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--script--request--configuration))
- **description** (String) A short description of the event to appear in the web UI.
- **post_processing** (String) Javascript code to execute after sending the request.
- **pre_processing** (String) Javascript code to execute before sending the request.
- **validation** (Block List, Max: 1) Validation helps you verify that your HTTP monitor loads the expected content (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--script--request--validation))

<a id="nestedblock--script--request--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script.request.configuration`

Optional:

- **accept_any_certificate** (Boolean) If set to `false`, then the monitor fails with invalid SSL certificates.

If not set, the `false` option is used
- **follow_redirects** (Boolean) If set to `false`, redirects are reported as successful requests with response code 3xx.

If not set, the `false` option is used.
- **headers** (Block List, Max: 1) The setup of the monitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--script--request--configuration--headers))
- **user_agent** (String) The User agent of the request

<a id="nestedblock--script--request--configuration--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script.request.configuration.user_agent`

Required:

- **header** (Block List, Min: 1) contains an HTTP header of the request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--script--request--configuration--user_agent--header))

<a id="nestedblock--script--request--configuration--user_agent--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script.request.configuration.user_agent.header`

Required:

- **name** (String) The key of the header
- **value** (String) The value of the header




<a id="nestedblock--script--request--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script.request.validation`

Required:

- **rule** (Block List, Min: 1) A list of validation rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--script--request--validation--rule))

<a id="nestedblock--script--request--validation--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script.request.validation.rule`

Required:

- **type** (String) The type of the rule. Possible values are `patternConstraint`, `regexConstraint`, `httpStatusesList` and `certificateExpiryDateConstraint`
- **value** (String) The content to look for

Optional:

- **pass_if_found** (Boolean) The validation condition. `true` means validation succeeds if the specified content/element is found. `false` means validation fails if the specified content/element is found. Always specify `false` for `certificateExpiryDateConstraint` to fail the monitor if SSL certificate expiry is within the specified number of days





<a id="nestedblock--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- **tag** (Block List) Tag with source of a Dynatrace entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tags--tag))

<a id="nestedblock--tags--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags.tag`

Required:

- **context** (String) The origin of the tag. Supported values are `AWS`, `AWS_GENERIC`, `AZURE`, `CLOUD_FOUNDRY`, `CONTEXTLESS`, `ENVIRONMENT`, `GOOGLE_CLOUD` and `KUBERNETES`.

Custom tags use the `CONTEXTLESS` value.
- **key** (String) The key of the tag.

Custom tags have the tag value here.

Optional:

- **source** (String) The source of the tag. Supported values are `USER`, `RULE_BASED` and `AUTO`.
- **value** (String) The value of the tag.

Not applicable to custom tags.


