---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_iam_permission Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_iam_permission` covers configuration of permissions for user groups via Account Management API for SaaS Accounts
---

# dynatrace_iam_permission (Resource)

-> This resource is excluded by default in the export utility since it is part of the account management API.

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Allow read access for identity resources (users and groups)** (`account-idm-read`) and **Allow write access for identity resources (users and groups)** (`account-idm-write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Dynatrace IAM - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/user-management-and-sso/manage-groups-and-permissions

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/user-management-and-sso/manage-groups-and-permissions/iam/iam-getting-started

## Prerequisites

Using this resource requires an OAuth client to be configured within your account settings.
The scopes of the OAuth Client need to include `account-idm-read`, `account-idm-write`, `account-env-read`, `account-env-write`, `iam-policies-management`, `iam:policies:write`, `iam:policies:read`, `iam:bindings:write`, `iam:bindings:read` and `iam:effective-permissions:read`.

Finally the provider configuration requires the credentials for that OAuth Client.
The configuration section of your provider needs to look like this.
```terraform
provider "dynatrace" {
  dt_env_url   = "https://########.live.dynatrace.com/"
  dt_api_token = "######.########################.################################################################"  

  iam_client_id = "######.########"
  iam_account_id = "########-####-####-####-############"
  iam_client_secret = "######.########.################################################################"  
}
```

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_iam_permission" "perm_a" {
  name            = "tenant-viewer"
  group           = "74ec0a82-8010-4f11-8579-b29a5ba865f0"
  # environment     = "siz65484"
  # management_zone = "107678256803363569"
  account = "023733f0-86d8-47d1-88bd-7f5cc2e22eb8"
}

```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (String) The ID of the group this permission is valid for
- `name` (String) Possible values: `account-company-info`, `account-user-management`, `account-viewer`, `tenant-viewer`, `tenant-manage-settings`, `tenant-agent-install`, `tenant-logviewer`, `tenant-view-sensitive-request-data`, `tenant-configure-request-capture-data`, `tenant-replay-sessions-with-masking`, `tenant-replay-sessions-without-masking`, `tenant-manage-security-problems`, `tenant-manage-support-tickets`

### Optional

- `account` (String) The UUID of the account this permission is valid for
- `environment` (String) The environment this permission is valid (`https://<environmentid>.live.dynatrace.com`). Also required in when trying to specify a management zone permission.
- `management_zone` (String) The management zone this permission is valid for. You need to use the attribute `legacy_id` when referring to a resource `dynatrace_management_zone_v2` or a data source `dynatrace_management_zone`. The attribute `environment` is required to get specified also in order to identify the management zone uniquely.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
