---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_iam_group Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "IAM"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_iam_group` covers user group configuration via Account Management API for SaaS Accounts
---

# dynatrace_iam_group (Resource)

-> This resource is excluded by default in the export utility since it is part of the account management API. You can, of course, specify that resource explicitly in order to export it. In that case, don't forget to specify the environment variables `DT_CLIENT_ID`, `DT_ACCOUNT_ID` and `DT_CLIENT_SECRET` for authentication.

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Allow read access for identity resources (users and groups)** (`account-idm-read`) and **Allow write access for identity resources (users and groups)** (`account-idm-write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Dynatrace IAM - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/user-management-and-sso/manage-groups-and-permissions

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/user-management-and-sso/manage-groups-and-permissions/iam/iam-getting-started

## Prerequisites

Using this resource requires an OAuth client to be configured within your account settings.
The scopes of the OAuth Client need to include `account-idm-read`, `account-idm-write`, `account-env-read`, `account-env-write`, `iam-policies-management`, `iam:policies:write`, `iam:policies:read`, `iam:bindings:write`, `iam:bindings:read` and `iam:effective-permissions:read`.

Finally the provider configuration requires the credentials for that OAuth Client.
The configuration section of your provider needs to look like this.
```terraform
provider "dynatrace" {
  dt_env_url   = "https://########.live.dynatrace.com/"
  dt_api_token = "######.########################.################################################################"  

  iam_client_id = "######.########"
  iam_account_id = "########-####-####-####-############"
  iam_client_secret = "######.########.################################################################"  
}
```

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_iam_group" "Restricted" {
  name          = "Restricted"

  permissions {
    permission {
      name  = "tenant-viewer"
      type  = "management-zone"
      scope = "<environment-id>:<managementzone-id>"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `federated_attribute_values` (Set of String)
- `permissions` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `permission` (Block Set, Min: 1) A Permission (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--permission))

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.permission`

Required:

- `name` (String) Possible values: `account-company-info`, `account-user-management`, `account-viewer`, `account-saml-flexible-federation`, `tenant-viewer`, `tenant-manage-settings`, `tenant-agent-install`, `tenant-logviewer`, `tenant-view-sensitive-request-data`, `tenant-configure-request-capture-data`, `tenant-replay-sessions-with-masking`, `tenant-replay-sessions-without-masking`, `tenant-manage-security-problems`, `tenant-view-security-problems`, `tenant-manage-support-tickets`
- `scope` (String) If `type` is `account` this attribute should hold the UUID of the account. If `type` is 'tenant` this attribute should hold the ID of the environment (`https://<environmentid>.live.dynatrace.com`). If `type` is `management-zone` this attribute should hold a value like `<managment-zone-id>:<environment-id>. You need to use the attribute `legacy_id` when referring to a resource `dynatrace_management_zone_v2` or a data source `dynatrace_management_zone`.
- `type` (String) The type of this permission. Possible values are `account`, `tenant`, `management-zone`
