---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dynatrace_jira_notification Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# dynatrace_jira_notification (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active` (Boolean) The configuration is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `description` (String) The description of the Jira issue to be created by this notification.   You can use same placeholders as in issue summary
- `issue_type` (String) The type of the Jira issue to be created by this notification
- `name` (String) The name of the notification configuration
- `profile` (String) The ID of the associated alerting profile
- `project_key` (String) The project key of the Jira issue to be created by this notification
- `summary` (String) The summary of the Jira issue to be created by this notification.  You can use the following placeholders:  * `{ImpactedEntity}`: The entity impacted by the problem or *X* impacted entities.  * `{PID}`: The ID of the reported problem.  * `{ProblemDetailsText}`: All problem event details, including root cause, as a text-formatted string.  * `{ProblemID}`: The display number of the reported problem.  * `{ProblemImpact}`: The [impact level](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/shortlink/impact-analysis) of the problem. Possible values are `APPLICATION`, `SERVICE`, and `INFRASTRUCTURE`.  * `{ProblemSeverity}`: The [severity level](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/shortlink/event-types) of the problem. Possible values are `AVAILABILITY`, `ERROR`, `PERFORMANCE`, `RESOURCE_CONTENTION`, and `CUSTOM_ALERT`.  * `{ProblemTitle}`: A short description of the problem.  * `{ProblemURL}`: The URL of the problem within Dynatrace.  * `{State}`: The state of the problem. Possible values are `OPEN` and `RESOLVED`.  * `{Tags}`: The list of tags that are defined for all impacted entities, separated by commas
- `url` (String) The URL of the Jira API endpoint
- `username` (String) The username of the Jira profile

### Optional

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) The API token for the Jira profile. Using password authentication [was deprecated by Jira](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/deprecation-notice-basic-auth-and-cookie-based-auth/)
- `legacy_id` (String) The ID of these settings when referred to from resources requiring the REST API V1 keys

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


