---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_maintenance_window Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_maintenance_window` covers configuration for maintenance windows
---

# dynatrace_maintenance_window (Resource)

The API utilized for this resource is deprecated, please use [dynatrace_maintenance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/resources/maintenance) instead.

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Maintenance windows - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/problem-detection-and-analysis/notifications-and-alerting/maintenance-windows

- Maintenance windows API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/configuration-api/maintenance-windows-api

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_maintenance_window" "#name#" {
  suppression = "DONT_DETECT_PROBLEMS"
  type        = "PLANNED"
  name        = "#name#"
  schedule {
    end             = "2021-05-11 14:41"
    zone_id         = "Europe/Vienna"
    recurrence_type = "ONCE"
    start           = "2021-05-11 13:41"
  }
  suppress_synth_mon_exec = true
  scope {
    matches {
      tag_combination = "AND"
      tags {
        key     = "bggtedgxen"
        context = "CONTEXTLESS"
      }
      tags {
        context = "CONTEXTLESS"
        key     = "deldel1"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the maintenance window, displayed in the UI
- `suppression` (String) The type of suppression of alerting and problem detection during the maintenance
- `type` (String) The type of the maintenance: planned or unplanned

### Optional

- `description` (String) A short description of the maintenance purpose
- `enabled` (Boolean) The Maintenance Window is enabled or disabled
- `schedule` (Block List, Max: 1) The schedule of the maintenance window (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule))
- `scope` (Block List, Max: 1) the tiles this Dashboard consist of (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `suppress_synth_mon_exec` (Boolean) Suppress execution of synthetic monitors during the maintenance
- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Required:

- `end` (String) The end date and time of the maintenance window validity period in yyyy-mm-dd HH:mm format
- `recurrence_type` (String) The type of the schedule recurrence. Possible values are `DAILY`, `MONTHLY`, `ONCE` and `WEEKLY`
- `start` (String) The start date and time of the maintenance window validity period in yyyy-mm-dd HH:mm format
- `zone_id` (String) The time zone of the start and end time. Default time zone is UTC. You can use either UTC offset `UTC+01:00` format or the IANA Time Zone Database format (for example, `Europe/Vienna`)

Optional:

- `recurrence` (Block List, Max: 1) The recurrence of the maintenance window (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule--recurrence))
- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider

<a id="nestedblock--schedule--recurrence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurrence`

Required:

- `duration_minutes` (Number) The duration of the maintenance window in minutes
- `start_time` (String) The start time of the maintenance window in HH:mm format

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for monthly maintenance.  The value of `31` is treated as the last day of the month for months that don't have a 31st day. The value of `30` is also treated as the last day of the month for February
- `day_of_week` (String) The day of the week for weekly maintenance.  The format is the full name of the day in upper case, for example `THURSDAY`
- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider



<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `entities` (Set of String) A list of Dynatrace entities (for example, hosts or services) to be included in the scope.  Allowed values are Dynatrace entity IDs
- `matches` (Block List) A list of matching rules for dynamic scope formation.  If several rules are set, the OR logic applies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--matches))
- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider

<a id="nestedblock--scope--matches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.matches`

Optional:

- `mz_id` (String) The ID of a management zone to which the matched entities must belong
- `tag_combination` (String) The logic that applies when several tags are specified: AND/OR.  If not set, the OR logic is used
- `tags` (Block Set) The tag you want to use for matching.  You can use custom tags from the UI, AWS tags, Cloud Foundry tags, OpenShift/Kubernetes, and tags based on environment variables (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--matches--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of the Dynatrace entities (for example, hosts or services) you want to pick up by matching
- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider

<a id="nestedblock--scope--matches--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.matches.tags`

Required:

- `context` (String) The origin of the tag, such as AWS or Cloud Foundry. Custom tags use the `CONTEXTLESS` value
- `key` (String) The key of the tag. Custom tags have the tag value here

Optional:

- `unknowns` (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider
- `value` (String) The value of the tag. Not applicable to custom tags
 