---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_metric_metadata Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Metrics"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_metric_metadata` covers configuration for metric metadata
---

# dynatrace_metric_metadata (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Metrics - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/observe-and-explore/metrics

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:metric.metadata`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_metric_metadata` downloads all existing metric metadata configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_metric_metadata" "#name#" {
  display_name = "#name#"
  metric_id    = "metric-func:slo.terraform-test"
  unit         = "percent"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metric_id` (String) The scope of this setting (metric)
- `unit` (String) Unit

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description
- `dimensions` (Block List, Max: 1) Define metadata per metric dimension. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dimensions))
- `display_name` (String) Display name
- `metric_properties` (Block List, Max: 1) Metric properties (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metric_properties))
- `source_entity_type` (String) Specifies which entity dimension should be used as the primary dimension. The property can only be configured for metrics ingested with the Metrics API.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags
- `unit_display_format` (String) The raw value is stored in bits or bytes. The user interface can display it in these numeral systems:

Binary: 1 MiB = 1024 KiB = 1,048,576 bytes

Decimal: 1 MB = 1000 kB = 1,000,000 bytes

If not set, the decimal system is used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dimensions`

Required:

- `dimension` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dimensions--dimension))

<a id="nestedblock--dimensions--dimension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dimensions.dimension`

Required:

- `key` (String) Dimension key

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) Display name



<a id="nestedblock--metric_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metric_properties`

Required:

- `value_type` (String) Possible Values: `Error`, `Score`, `Unknown`

Optional:

- `impact_relevant` (Boolean) Whether (true or false) the metric is relevant to a problem's impact.

An impact-relevant metric is highly dependent on other metrics and changes because an underlying root-cause metric has changed.
- `latency` (Number) The latency of the metric, in minutes. 

 The latency is the expected reporting delay (for example, caused by constraints of cloud vendors or other third-party data sources) between the observation of a metric data point and its availability in Dynatrace. 

The allowed value range is from 1 to 60 minutes.
- `max_value` (Number) The maximum allowed value of the metric.
- `min_value` (Number) The minimum allowed value of the metric.
- `root_cause_relevant` (Boolean) Whether (true or false) the metric is related to a root cause of a problem.

A root-cause relevant metric represents a strong indicator for a faulty component.
 