---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_mobile_app_enablement Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_mobile_app_enablement` covers configuration for mobile application enablement and cost control
---

# dynatrace_mobile_app_enablement (Resource)

-> **Settings 2.0** Certain field(s) of this resource has overlap with `dynatrace_mobile_application`, therefore it is excluded from the default export. To retrieve this resource via export, directly specify it as a command line argument. 

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Configure cost and traffic control for mobile applications - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/real-user-monitoring/setup-and-configuration/mobile-applications/configure-cost-and-traffic-control-mobile

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:rum.mobile.enablement`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_mobile_app_enablement` downloads all existing mobile application enablement and cost control configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/guides/export-v2).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_mobile_app_enablement" "#name#" {
  rum {
    enabled                  = true
    cost_and_traffic_control = 25
  }
  session_replay {
    enabled = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rum` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_mobile_application`) Capture and analyze all user actions within your application. Enable [Real User Monitoring (RUM)](https://dt-url.net/1n2b0prq) to monitor and improve your application's performance, identify errors, and gain insight into your user's behavior and experience. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rum))
- `session_replay` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (Field has overlap with `dynatrace_mobile_application`) [Session Replay on crashes](https://dt-url.net/session-replay) gives you additional context for crash analysis in the form of video-like screen recordings that replay user actions immediately preceding a detected crash, while providing [best-in-class security and data protection](https://dt-url.net/b303zxj). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--session_replay))

### Optional

- `application_id` (String) The scope of this settings. If the settings should cover the whole environment, just don't specify any scope.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rum"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rum`

Required:

- `cost_and_traffic_control` (Number) Percentage of user sessions captured and analyzed. By default, Dynatrace captures all user actions and user sessions for analysis. This approach ensures complete insight into your application’s performance and customer experience. You can optionally reduce the granularity of user-action and user-session analysis by capturing a lower percentage of user sessions. While this approach can reduce monitoring costs, it also results in lower visibility into how your customers are using your applications. For example, a setting of 10% results in Dynatrace analyzing only every tenth user session.
- `enabled` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)


<a id="nestedblock--session_replay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_replay`

Required:

- `on_crash` (Boolean) Before enabling, Dynatrace checks your system against the [prerequisites for Session Replay](https://dt-url.net/t23s0ppi).
 