---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_ms365_email_connection Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Connections"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_ms365_email_connection` covers configuration for Microsoft 365 email connections
---

# dynatrace_ms365_email_connection (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

-> This resource requires the OAuth scopes **Read settings** (`settings:objects:read`) and **Write settings** (`settings:objects:write`)

## Limitations
~> **Warning** If a resource is created using an API token or without setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true` (when both are used), the settings object's owner will remain empty.

An empty owner implies:
- The settings object becomes public, allowing other users with settings permissions to read and modify it.
- Changing the settings object's permissions will have no effect, meaning the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource can't alter its access.

When a settings object is created using platform credentials:
- The owner is set to the owner of the OAuth client or platform token.
- By default, the settings object is private; only the owner can read and modify it.
- Access modifiers can be managed using the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource.

We recommend using platform credentials to ensure a correct setup.
In case an API token is needed, we recommend setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true`.

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Microsoft 365 for Workflows - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/analyze-explore-automate/workflows/actions/microsoft365

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `app:dynatrace.microsoft365.connector:mail.connection`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_ms365_email_connection` downloads all existing Microsoft 365 email connections

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_ms365_email_connection" "#name#"{
  name     = "#name#"
  type     = "client_secret"
  tenant_id     = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  client_id     = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  client_secret   = "######"
  from_address    = "random.email@terraform.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) Application (client) ID of your app registered in Microsoft Azure App registrations
- `from_address` (String) The email address from which the messages will be sent
- `name` (String) A unique name for the Microsoft 365 email connection
- `tenant_id` (String) Directory (tenant) ID of your Azure Active Directory
- `type` (String) Possible Values: `client_secret`

### Optional

- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret of your app registered in Microsoft Azure App registrations

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
