---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_msentraid_connection Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Connections"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_msentraid_connection` covers configuration for Microsoft Entra ID connections
---

# dynatrace_msentraid_connection (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

-> This resource requires the OAuth scopes **Read settings** (`settings:objects:read`) and **Write settings** (`settings:objects:write`)

## Limitations
~> **Warning** If a resource is created using an API token or without setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true` (when both are used), the settings object's owner will remain empty.

An empty owner implies:
- The settings object becomes public, allowing other users with settings permissions to read and modify it.
- Changing the settings object's permissions will have no effect, meaning the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource can't alter its access.

When a settings object is created using platform credentials:
- The owner is set to the owner of the OAuth client or platform token.
- By default, the settings object is private; only the owner can read and modify it.
- Access modifiers can be managed using the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource.

We recommend using platform credentials to ensure a correct setup.
In case an API token is needed, we recommend setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true`.

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Azure Connector - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/analyze-explore-automate/workflows/actions/microsoft-entra-id

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `app:dynatrace.azure.connector:microsoft-entra-identity-developer-connection`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_msentraid_connection` downloads all existing Microsoft Entra ID connections

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_msentraid_connection" "#name#"{
  name    = "#name#"
  directory_id = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  application_id = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  client_secret = "#######"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String, Sensitive) Application (client) ID of your app registered in Microsoft Azure App registrations
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret of your app registered in Microsoft Azure App registrations
- `directory_id` (String, Sensitive) Directory (tenant) ID of Microsoft Entra Identity Developer
- `name` (String) The name of the Microsoft Entra Identity Developer connection

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
