---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_openpipeline_v2_system_events_routing Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "OpenPipeline V2"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_openpipeline_v2_system_events_routing` covers configuration of OpenPipeline for system events routing
---

# dynatrace_openpipeline_v2_system_events_routing (Resource)

!> Deploying an OpenPipeline routing configuration will overwrite the existing one of the same kind, causing any manual changes made in the web UI or other routing configurations managed by Terraform or Monaco to be lost. Ensure all routing configurations of the same kind are defined within a single Terraform or Monaco configuration to prevent data loss.

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

-> This resource requires the OAuth scopes **Read settings** (`settings:objects:read`) and **Write settings** (`settings:objects:write`)

## Limitations
~> **Warning** If a resource is created using an API token or without setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true` (when both are used), the settings object's owner will remain empty.

An empty owner implies:
- The settings object becomes public, allowing other users with settings permissions to read and modify it.
- Changing the settings object's permissions will have no effect, meaning the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource can't alter its access.

When a settings object is created using platform credentials:
- The owner is set to the owner of the OAuth client or platform token.
- By default, the settings object is private; only the owner can read and modify it.
- Access modifiers can be managed using the `dynatrace_settings_permissions` resource.

We recommend using platform credentials to ensure a correct setup.
In case an API token is needed, we recommend setting `DYNATRACE_HTTP_OAUTH_PREFERENCE=true`.

## Dynatrace Documentation

- OpenPipeline - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/platform/openpipeline

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_openpipeline_v2_system_events_routing` downloads all existing OpenPipeline definitions for system events routing

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_openpipeline_v2_system_events_routing" "routing" {
  routing_entries {
    routing_entry {
      enabled             = true
      pipeline_type       = "builtin"
      builtin_pipeline_id = "default"
      matcher             = "not matchesPhrase(record.title, \"Warning\")"
      description         = "Default route"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `routing_entries` (Block List, Max: 1) Routing for pipelines (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routing_entries))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--routing_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_entries`

Required:

- `routing_entry` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routing_entries--routing_entry))

<a id="nestedblock--routing_entries--routing_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_entries.routing_entry`

Required:

- `description` (String) no documentation available
- `enabled` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `matcher` (String) Query which determines whether the record should be routed to the target pipeline of this rule.
- `pipeline_type` (String) Possible Values: `Builtin`, `Custom`

Optional:

- `builtin_pipeline_id` (String) Builtin Pipeline ID
- `pipeline_id` (String) Pipeline ID
