---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_ops_genie_notification Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_ops_genie_notification` covers configuration problem notifications sent to OpsGenie
---

# dynatrace_ops_genie_notification (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- OpsGenie notifications - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/setup-and-configuration/integrations/problem-notifications/opsgenie-integration

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:problem.notifications`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_ops_genie_notification` downloads the existing problem notifications for OpsGenie

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_ops_genie_notification" "#name#" { # replace #name# with the name you would like your resource be known within your Terraform Module
  active  = false
  name    = "#name#" # replace #name# with the name you would like your entry to be displayed within the Dynatrace Web UI
  profile = dynatrace_alerting.Default.id
  domain  = "#name#"
  message = "ops-genie-message"
  api_key = "ops-genie-api-key"
}

resource "dynatrace_alerting" "Default" {
  name = "#name#"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `domain` (String) The region domain of the OpsGenie.

For example, **api.opsgenie.com** for US or **api.eu.opsgenie.com** for EU.
- `message` (String) The content of the message. Type '{' for placeholder suggestions.. #### Available placeholders
**{ProblemID}**: Display number of the reported problem.

**{ProblemImpact}**: Impact level of the problem. Possible values are APPLICATION, SERVICE, or INFRASTRUCTURE.

**{ProblemSeverity}**: Severity level of the problem. Possible values are AVAILABILITY, ERROR, PERFORMANCE, RESOURCE_CONTENTION, or CUSTOM_ALERT.

**{ProblemTitle}**: Short description of the problem.

**{ImpactedEntityNames}**: The entity impacted by the problem (or multiple impacted entities).
- `name` (String) The name of the notification configuration
- `profile` (String) The ID of the associated alerting profile

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The API key to access OpsGenie.

Go to OpsGenie-Integrations and create a new Dynatrace integration. Copy the newly created API key.
- `legacy_id` (String) The ID of these settings when referred to from resources requiring the REST API V1 keys

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
 