---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_process_grouping_rules Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Process Group Monitoring"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_process_grouping_rules` covers configuration for process grouping
---

# dynatrace_process_grouping_rules (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Process grouping rules - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/observe/infrastructure-observability/process-groups/configuration/unified-process-grouping/process-grouping-rules-configure

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:process-grouping-rules`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_process_grouping_rules` downloads all existing process grouping rules

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_process_grouping_rules" "rules" {
  enabled = true
  custom_technology_name = "custom_technology_name"
  scope = "environment"
  pg_extraction {
    process_group_extraction {
      report = "auto"
      name = "My process group"
      process_type = "PROCESS_TYPE_GO"
      detection {
        detection_condition {
          condition = "$contains(TFExecutableSample)"
          case_sensitive = true
          property = "EXE_NAME"
        }
      }
      pg_id_source {
        property        = "COMMAND_LINE_ARGS"
        standalone_rule = false
        type            = "EXISTING"
        advanced_settings {
          ignore_numbers = false
        }
      }
      pgi_id_source {
        property = "AWS_ECS_FAMILY"
        advanced_settings {
          ignore_numbers = false
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `pg_extraction` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Define process groups and processes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pg_extraction))

### Optional

- `custom_technology_name` (String) Note: Reported only in full-stack, infrastructure and discovery modes.
- `insert_after` (String) Because this resource allows for ordering you may specify the ID of the resource instance that comes before this instance regarding order. If not specified when creating the setting will be added to the end of the list. If not specified during update the order will remain untouched
- `scope` (String) The scope of this setting (HOST, KUBERNETES_CLUSTER, HOST_GROUP). Omit this property if you want to cover the whole environment.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--pg_extraction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_extraction`

Required:

- `process_group_extraction` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction))

<a id="nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_extraction.process_group_extraction`

Required:

- `detection` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) ### 2. Define detection rules
  Define process detection rules to select processes on which this rule will apply to. **At least one rule must be defined.** (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--detection))
- `pg_id_source` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) ### 3. Define grouping rules
  **3.1. Process group id source** (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--pg_id_source))
- `report` (String) Auto reports only processes which are important - meaning deep monitored or with high resource usage. Possible values: `always`, `auto`, `never`

Optional:

- `name` (String) When this field is empty, OneAgent will automatically assign the process group name based on process type and properties like executable name. If you expect that multiple processes will be matched by the rule, it is highly recommended that you fill this field because it is unspecified which process will be used as the group name source.
- `pgi_id_source` (Block List, Max: 1) **3.2. Process id source (optional)**

  Define a property that should be used to identify your process. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--pgi_id_source))
- `process_type` (String) Note: Not all types can be detected at startup.. Restrict this rule to specific process types to avoid mixing deep monitored properties leading to confusing results. Possible values: `PROCESS_TYPE_APACHE_HTTPD`, `PROCESS_TYPE_GLASSFISH`, `PROCESS_TYPE_GO`, `PROCESS_TYPE_IBM_CICS_REGION`, `PROCESS_TYPE_IBM_IMS_CONTROL`, `PROCESS_TYPE_IBM_IMS_MPR`, `PROCESS_TYPE_IIS_APP_POOL`, `PROCESS_TYPE_JAVA`, `PROCESS_TYPE_JBOSS`, `PROCESS_TYPE_NGINX`, `PROCESS_TYPE_NODE_JS`, `PROCESS_TYPE_PHP`, `PROCESS_TYPE_RUBY`, `PROCESS_TYPE_TOMCAT`, `PROCESS_TYPE_WEBLOGIC`, `PROCESS_TYPE_WEBSPHERE`

<a id="nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_extraction.process_group_extraction.detection`

Required:

- `detection_condition` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--detection--detection_condition))

<a id="nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--detection--detection_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_extraction.process_group_extraction.detection.detection_condition`

Required:

- `case_sensitive` (Boolean) When enabled, matching conditions are case sensitive. When disabled, matching conditions are case insensitive
- `property` (String) 2.1. Property

Optional:

- `condition` (String) - $contains(svc) – Matches if svc appears anywhere in the process property value.
 - $eq(svc.exe) – Matches if svc.exe matches the process property value exactly.
 - $prefix(svc) – Matches if app matches the prefix of the process property value.
 - $suffix(svc.py) – Matches if svc.py matches the suffix of the process property value.

  For example, $suffix(svc.py) would detect processes named loyaltysvc.py and paymentssvc.py.

  For more details, see [documentation](https://dt-url.net/j142w57).
- `name` (String) If Dynatrace detects this property at startup of a process, it will be matched to this grouping rule.



<a id="nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--pg_id_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_extraction.process_group_extraction.pg_id_source`

Required:

- `standalone_rule` (Boolean) Valid only for **deep monitored** processes.. If this option is selected, the default Dynatrace behavior is disabled for the detected processes. Only this rule is used to separate the process group.

  If this option is not selected, this rule contributes to the default Dynatrace process group detection. 

  [See our help page for examples.](https://dt-url.net/1722wrz)
- `type` (String) Pick which property should be used to identify your process group. You can pick a custom variable or pick an existing process property. Possible values: `CUSTOM`, `EXISTING`

Optional:

- `advanced_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Set advanced options to customize delimiters and control how property values are processed.. Consider an environment with processes such as:
  * `python myScript.py --env=prod12 --id=12`
  * `python myScript.py --env=dev2 --id=2`
  * etc.

   To group production *(prod)* and development *(dev)* processes together you could use Command line property with:
  * **Delimiter** from `--env=` to `--id` to extract `prod12 ` and `dev2 `
  * Enable **Ignore numbers** to transform `prod12` to `prod*` and `dev2` to `dev*`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--pg_id_source--advanced_settings))
- `id` (String) This identifier is used by Dynatrace to recognize this process group.
- `name` (String) If Dynatrace detects this property at startup of a process, it will use its value to identify process groups.
- `property` (String) 3.1.2. Property

<a id="nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--pg_id_source--advanced_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_extraction.process_group_extraction.pg_id_source.advanced_settings`

Required:

- `ignore_numbers` (Boolean) (e.g. versions, hex, dates, and build numbers)

Optional:

- `from` (String) Delimit from (optional)
- `to` (String) Delimit to (optional)



<a id="nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--pgi_id_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_extraction.process_group_extraction.pgi_id_source`

Optional:

- `advanced_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Set advanced options to customize delimiters and control how property values are processed.. Consider an environment with processes such as:
  * `python myScript.py --env=prod12 --id=12`
  * `python myScript.py --env=dev2 --id=2`
  * etc.

   To group production *(prod)* and development *(dev)* processes together you could use Command line property with:
  * **Delimiter** from `--env=` to `--id` to extract `prod12 ` and `dev2 `
  * Enable **Ignore numbers** to transform `prod12` to `prod*` and `dev2` to `dev*`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--pgi_id_source--advanced_settings))
- `name` (String) If Dynatrace detects this property at startup of a process, it will use its value to identify process groups more granular.
- `property` (String) 3.2.1. Property

<a id="nestedblock--pg_extraction--process_group_extraction--pgi_id_source--advanced_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pg_extraction.process_group_extraction.pgi_id_source.advanced_settings`

Required:

- `ignore_numbers` (Boolean) (e.g. versions, hex, dates, and build numbers)

Optional:

- `from` (String) Delimit from (optional)
- `to` (String) Delimit to (optional)
