---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_resource_attributes Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_resource_attributes` covers configuration for resource attributes
---

# dynatrace_resource_attributes (Resource)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- OpenTelemetry traces - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/extend-dynatrace/opentelemetry/opentelemetry-traces

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:resource-attribute`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace export dynatrace_resource_attributes` downloads all existing resource attribute configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs#exporting-existing-configuration-from-a-dynatrace-environment).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_resource_attributes" "#name#" {
  keys {
    rule {
      enabled       = true
      attribute_key = "cdefgh"
      masking       = "NOT_MASKED"
    }
    rule {
      enabled       = true
      attribute_key = "gffgf"
      masking       = "NOT_MASKED"
    }
    rule {
      enabled       = true
      attribute_key = "jjhhj"
      masking       = "NOT_MASKED"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `keys` (Block List, Max: 1) Attribute key allow-list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--keys))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys`

Optional:

- `rule` (Block List) Attribute key allow-list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--keys--rule))

<a id="nestedblock--keys--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys.rule`

Required:

- `attribute_key` (String) Attribute key **service.name** is automatically captured by default
- `enabled` (Boolean) If this is true, the value of the specified key is stored.
- `masking` (String) Introduce more granular control over the visibility of attribute values.  
Choose **Do not mask** to allow every user to see the actual value and use it in defining other configurations.  
Choose **Mask entire value** to hide the whole value of this attribute from everyone who does not have 'View sensitive request data' permission. These attributes can't be used to define other configurations. 
Choose **Mask only confidential data** to apply automatic masking strategies to your data. These strategies include, for example, credit card numbers, IBAN, IPs, email-addresses, etc. It may not be possible to recognize all sensitive data so please always make sure to verify that sensitive data is actually masked. If sensitive data is not recognized, please use **Mask entire value** instead. Users with 'View sensitive request data' permission will be able to see the entire value, others only the non-sensitive parts. These attributes can't be used to define other configurations.
 