---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_service_now_notification Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_service_now_notification` covers configuration problem notifications sent to Service Now
---

# dynatrace_service_now_notification (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- ServiceNow integration - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/setup-and-configuration/integrations/problem-notifications/servicenow-integration

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:problem.notifications`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_service_now_notification` downloads the existing problem notifications for Service Now

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_service_now_notification" "#name#" { # replace #name# with the name you would like your resource be known within your Terraform Module
  active    = false
  name      = "#name#" # replace #name# with the name you would like your entry to be displayed within the Dynatrace Web UI
  profile   = dynatrace_alerting.Default.id
  instance  = "#name#"
  username  = "service-now-username"
  password  = "service-now-password"
  message   = "service-now-message"
  incidents = true
  events    = true
}

resource "dynatrace_alerting" "Default" {
  name = "#name#"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `incidents` (Boolean) Send incidents into ServiceNow ITSM.
- `message` (String) The content of the ServiceNow description. Type '{' for placeholder suggestions.. #### Available placeholders
**{ImpactedEntity}**: A short description of the problem and impacted entity (or multiple impacted entities).

**{ImpactedEntityNames}**: The entity impacted by the problem.

**{NamesOfImpactedEntities}**: The names of all entities that are impacted by the problem.

**{PID}**: Unique system identifier of the reported problem.

**{ProblemDetailsHTML}**: All problem event details including root cause as an HTML-formatted string.

**{ProblemDetailsText}**: All problem event details including root cause as a text-formatted string.

**{ProblemID}**: Display number of the reported problem.

**{ProblemImpact}**: Impact level of the problem. Possible values are APPLICATION, SERVICE, or INFRASTRUCTURE.

**{ProblemSeverity}**: Severity level of the problem. Possible values are AVAILABILITY, ERROR, PERFORMANCE, RESOURCE_CONTENTION, or CUSTOM_ALERT.

**{ProblemTitle}**: Short description of the problem.

**{State}**: Problem state. Possible values are OPEN or RESOLVED.

**{Tags}**: Comma separated list of tags that are defined for all impacted entities. To refer to the value of a specific tag, specify the tag's key in square brackets: **{Tags[key]}**. If the tag does not have any assigned value, the placeholder will be replaced by an empty string. The placeholder will not be replaced if the tag key does not exist.
- `name` (String) The name of the notification configuration
- `profile` (String) The ID of the associated alerting profile
- `username` (String) The username of the ServiceNow account. 

 Make sure that your user account has the `web_service_admin` and `x_dynat_ruxit.Integration` roles.

### Optional

- `events` (Boolean) Send events into ServiceNow ITOM.
- `format_problem_details_as_text` (Boolean) Use text format for problem details instead of HTML.
- `instance` (String) The ServiceNow instance identifier. It refers to the first part of your own ServiceNow URL. 

 This field is mutually exclusive with the **url** field. You can only use one of them.
- `legacy_id` (String) The ID of these settings when referred to from resources requiring the REST API V1 keys
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to the ServiceNow account.
- `url` (String) The URL of the on-premise ServiceNow installation. 

 This field is mutually exclusive with the **instanceName** field. You can only use one of them.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
 