---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dynatrace_service_anomalies Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# dynatrace_service_anomalies (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **failure_rates** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of failure rate increase detection. Detecting failure rate increases will be disabled if this block is omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--failure_rates))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **load** (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration of load spikes detection. Detecting load spikes will be disabled if this block is omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--load))
- **load_drops** (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration of load drops detection. Detecting load drops will be disabled if this block is omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--load_drops))
- **response_times** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of response time degradation detection. Detecting response time degradation will be disabled if this block is omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--response_times))

<a id="nestedblock--failure_rates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `failure_rates`

Optional:

- **auto** (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters of failure rate increase auto-detection. Example: If the expected error rate is 1.5%, and you set an absolute increase of 1%, and a relative increase of 50%, the thresholds will be:  Absolute: 1.5% + **1%** = 2.5%  Relative: 1.5% + 1.5% * **50%** = 2.25% (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--failure_rates--auto))
- **thresholds** (Block List, Max: 1) Fixed thresholds for failure rate increase detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--failure_rates--thresholds))

<a id="nestedblock--failure_rates--auto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `failure_rates.auto`

Required:

- **absolute** (Number) Absolute increase of failing service calls to trigger an alert, %
- **relative** (Number) Relative increase of failing service calls to trigger an alert, %

Optional:

- **unknowns** (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider


<a id="nestedblock--failure_rates--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `failure_rates.thresholds`

Required:

- **sensitivity** (String) Sensitivity of the threshold.  With `low` sensitivity, high statistical confidence is used. Brief violations (for example, due to a surge in load) won't trigger alerts.  With `high` sensitivity, no statistical confidence is used. Each violation triggers alert
- **threshold** (Number) Failure rate during any 5-minute period to trigger an alert, %

Optional:

- **unknowns** (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider



<a id="nestedblock--load"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load`

Optional:

- **drops** (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration of traffic drops detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--load--drops))
- **spikes** (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration of traffic spikes detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--load--spikes))

<a id="nestedblock--load--drops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load.drops`

Optional:

- **minutes** (Number) Alert if the service stays in abnormal state for at least *X* minutes
- **percent** (Number) Alert if the observed load is more than *X* % of the expected value


<a id="nestedblock--load--spikes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load.spikes`

Optional:

- **minutes** (Number) Alert if the service stays in abnormal state for at least *X* minutes
- **percent** (Number) Alert if the observed load is more than *X* % of the expected value
- **unknowns** (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider



<a id="nestedblock--load_drops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_drops`

Optional:

- **minutes** (Number) Alert if the service stays in abnormal state for at least *X* minutes
- **percent** (Number) Alert if the observed load is more than *X* % of the expected value


<a id="nestedblock--response_times"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_times`

Optional:

- **auto** (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters of the response time degradation auto-detection. Violation of **any** criterion triggers an alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--response_times--auto))
- **thresholds** (Block List, Max: 1) Fixed thresholds for response time degradation detection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--response_times--thresholds))

<a id="nestedblock--response_times--auto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_times.auto`

Required:

- **load** (String) Minimal service load to detect response time degradation. Response time degradation of services with smaller load won't trigger alerts. Possible values are `FIFTEEN_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`, `FIVE_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`, `ONE_REQUEST_PER_MINUTE` and `TEN_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`
- **milliseconds** (Number) Alert if the response time degrades by more than *X* milliseconds
- **percent** (Number) Alert if the response time degrades by more than *X* %
- **slowest_milliseconds** (Number) Alert if the response time of the slowest 10% degrades by more than *X* milliseconds
- **slowest_percent** (Number) Alert if the response time of the slowest 10% degrades by more than *X* milliseconds

Optional:

- **unknowns** (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider


<a id="nestedblock--response_times--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_times.thresholds`

Required:

- **load** (String) Minimal service load to detect response time degradation. Response time degradation of services with smaller load won't trigger alerts. Possible values are `FIFTEEN_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`, `FIVE_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`, `ONE_REQUEST_PER_MINUTE` and `TEN_REQUESTS_PER_MINUTE`
- **milliseconds** (Number) Response time during any 5-minute period to trigger an alert, in milliseconds
- **sensitivity** (String) Sensitivity of the threshold.  With `low` sensitivity, high statistical confidence is used. Brief violations (for example, due to a surge in load) won't trigger alerts.  With `high` sensitivity, no statistical confidence is used. Each violation triggers an alert
- **slowest_milliseconds** (Number) Response time of the 10% slowest during any 5-minute period to trigger an alert, in milliseconds

Optional:

- **unknowns** (String) allows for configuring properties that are not explicitly supported by the current version of this provider


