---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_service_external_web_service Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Service Detection"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_service_external_web_service` covers service detection rules for external web services
---

# dynatrace_service_external_web_service (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Service detection rules - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/platform-modules/applications-and-microservices/services/service-detection-and-naming/customize-service-detection

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:service-detection.external-web-service`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_service_external_web_service` downloads all existing service detection rules for external web services

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_management_zone_v2" "my-mgmz" {
  name = "#name#"
  rules {
    rule {
      type            = "ME"
      enabled         = true
      entity_selector = ""
      attribute_rule {
        entity_type = "CLOUD_APPLICATION_NAMESPACE"
        attribute_conditions {
          condition {
            case_sensitive = false
            key            = "KUBERNETES_CLUSTER_NAME"
            operator       = "EQUALS"
            string_value   = "extensions"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}

resource "dynatrace_service_external_web_service" "#name#" {
  name             = "#name#"
  description      = "Created by Terraform"
  enabled          = false
  management_zones = [ dynatrace_management_zone_v2.my-mgmz.id ]
  conditions {
    condition {
      attribute              = "UrlPath"
      compare_operation_type = "StringContains"
      ignore_case            = true
      text_values            = [ "Terraform" ]
    }
  }
  id_contributors {
    detect_as_web_request_service = false
    port_for_service_id           = true
    url_path {
      enable_id_contributor = true
      service_id_contributor {
        contribution_type = "OverrideValue"
        value_override {
          value = "Terraform"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `id_contributors` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Contributors to the Service Identifier calculation. URL path is always applied as an Id Contributor. You can exclude the port contribution by disabling the switch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--id_contributors))
- `name` (String) Rule name

### Optional

- `conditions` (Block List, Max: 1) A list of conditions necessary for the rule to take effect. If multiple conditions are specified, they must **all** match a Request for the rule to apply. If there is no condition at all, the rule is always applied. Conditions are evaluated against attributes, but do not modify them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))
- `description` (String) Description
- `insert_after` (String) Because this resource allows for ordering you may specify the ID of the resource instance that comes before this instance regarding order. If not specified when creating the setting will be added to the end of the list. If not specified during update the order will remain untouched
- `management_zones` (Set of String) Define a management zone of the process group for which this service detection rule should be created.  Note: in case of external requests/services the PG might not always be known. See [here](https://dt-url.net/9i03b79)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--id_contributors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `id_contributors`

Required:

- `detect_as_web_request_service` (Boolean) Detect the matching requests as web request services instead of web services.

This prevents detecting of matching requests as opaque web services. An opaque web request service is created instead. If you need to further modify the resulting web request service, you need to create a separate [Opaque/external web request rule](builtin:service-detection.full-web-request).

Optional:

- `port_for_service_id` (Boolean) Let the port contribute to the Service Id
- `url_path` (Block List, Max: 1) URL path (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path))

<a id="nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `id_contributors.url_path`

Required:

- `enable_id_contributor` (Boolean) Transform this value before letting it contribute to the Service Id

Optional:

- `service_id_contributor` (Block List, Max: 1) no documentation available (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path--service_id_contributor))

<a id="nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path--service_id_contributor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `id_contributors.url_path.service_id_contributor`

Required:

- `contribution_type` (String) Possible Values: `OriginalValue`, `OverrideValue`, `TransformValue`

Optional:

- `transformations` (Block List, Max: 1) Choose how to transform a value before it contributes to the Service Id. Note that all of the Transformations are always applied. Transformations are applied in the order they are specified, and the output of the previous transformation is the input for the next one. The resulting value contributes to the Service Id and can be found on the **Service overview page** under **Properties and tags**. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path--service_id_contributor--transformations))
- `value_override` (Block List, Max: 1) The value to be used instead of the detected value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path--service_id_contributor--value_override))

<a id="nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path--service_id_contributor--transformations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `id_contributors.url_path.service_id_contributor.transformations`

Required:

- `transformation` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path--service_id_contributor--transformations--transformation))

<a id="nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path--service_id_contributor--transformations--transformation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `id_contributors.url_path.service_id_contributor.transformations.transformation`

Required:

- `transformation_type` (String) Possible Values: `AFTER`, `BEFORE`, `BETWEEN`, `REMOVE_CREDIT_CARDS`, `REMOVE_IBANS`, `REMOVE_IPS`, `REMOVE_NUMBERS`, `REPLACE_BETWEEN`, `SPLIT_SELECT`, `TAKE_SEGMENTS`

Optional:

- `include_hex_numbers` (Boolean) include hexadecimal numbers
- `min_digit_count` (Number) min digit count
- `prefix` (String) no documentation available
- `replacement_value` (String) replacement
- `segment_count` (Number) How many segments should be taken.
- `select_index` (Number) select index
- `split_delimiter` (String) split by
- `suffix` (String) no documentation available
- `take_from_end` (Boolean) take from end



<a id="nestedblock--id_contributors--url_path--service_id_contributor--value_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `id_contributors.url_path.service_id_contributor.value_override`

Required:

- `value` (String) no documentation available





<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Required:

- `condition` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--condition))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.condition`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Take the value of this attribute
- `compare_operation_type` (String) Apply this operation

Optional:

- `framework` (Set of String) Technology
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Ignore case sensitivity for texts.
- `int_value` (Number) Value
- `int_values` (Set of Number) Values
- `ip_range_from` (String) From
- `ip_range_to` (String) To
- `tag_values` (Set of String) If multiple values are specified, at least one of them must match for the condition to match
- `text_values` (Set of String) If multiple values are specified, at least one of them must match for the condition to match
 