---
layout: ""
page_title: "Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Service Detection"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_service_detection_rules` covers configuration for service detection rules
---

# dynatrace_service_detection_rules (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Services - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/observe/applications-and-microservices/services

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:service-detection-rules`)

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_service_detection_rules" "#name#" {
  enabled      = false
  scope        = "environment"
  rule {
    description                    = "Example description"
    additional_required_attributes = [ "attribute-1", "attribute-2" ]
    condition                      = "matchesValue(k8s.cluster.name,\"terraform\")"
    rule_name                      = "#name#"
    service_name_template          = "{k8s.workload.name}"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `rule` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Optional

- `insert_after` (String) Because this resource allows for ordering you may specify the ID of the resource instance that comes before this instance regarding order. If not specified when creating the setting will be added to the end of the list. If not specified during update the order will remain untouched
- `scope` (String) The scope of this setting (CLOUD_APPLICATION_NAMESPACE, KUBERNETES_CLUSTER, HOST_GROUP). Omit this property if you want to cover the whole environment.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `rule_name` (String) Rule name
- `service_name_template` (String) Specify resource attribute placeholders in curly braces, e.g. {service.name} or {k8s.workload.name}.. All attributes used in the placeholder are required for the rule to apply. If any of them is missing, the rule will not be applied and ruleset evaluation continues.

All resolved attribute values contribute to the final service ID.

Optional:

- `additional_required_attributes` (Set of String) Define resource attributes that should not be part of the name but are required to detect the service, e.g. service.namespace or k8s.workload.kind.. Attributes specified here are required to apply the rule. If any of them is missing, the rule will not be applied and ruleset evaluation continues.

All attribute values contribute to the final service ID.
- `condition` (String) Limits the scope of the service detection rule using [DQL matcher](https://dt-url.net/l603wby) conditions on resource attributes.. A rule is applied only if the condition matches, otherwise the ruleset evaluation continues.

If empty, the condition will always match.
- `description` (String) no documentation available
