---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_slo Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Deprecated"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_slo` covers configuration for service-level objectives
---

# dynatrace_slo (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read SLO** (`slo.read`) and **Write SLO** (`slo.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Service-level objectives - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/cloud-automation/service-level-objectives

- Service-level objectives API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/service-level-objectives

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_slo` downloads all existing service-level objectives configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_slo" "#name#" {
  name = "#name#"
  evaluation = "AGGREGATE"
  filter = "type(\"APPLICATION_METHOD\")"
  metric_expression = "builtin:apps.web.action.speedIndex.load.browser:splitBy()"
  target = 99.58
  timeframe = "-5m"
  warning = 99.99
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `evaluation` (String) The evaluation type of the SLO. Currently only `AGGREGATE` is supported
- `name` (String) The name of the rule
- `target` (Number) The target value of the SLO
- `timeframe` (String) The timeframe for the SLO evaluation. Use the syntax of the global timeframe selector
- `warning` (Number) The warning value of the SLO. At warning state the SLO is still fulfilled but is getting close to failure

### Optional

- `denominator` (String) The total count metric (the denominator in rate calculation)
- `description` (String) The custom description of the SLO (optional)
- `disabled` (Boolean) The SLO is enabled (`false`) or disabled (`true`)
- `error_budget_burn_rate` (Block List, Max: 1) Error budget burn rate configuration of a service-level objective (SLO). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--error_budget_burn_rate))
- `filter` (String) The entity filter for the SLO evaluation. Use the [syntax of entity selector](https://dt-url.net/entityselector)
- `metric_expression` (String) The percentage-based metric expression for the calculation of the SLO
- `metric_name` (String) The name that is used to create SLO func metrics keys. Once created, metric name cannot be changed.
- `numerator` (String, Deprecated) The metric for the count of successes (the numerator in rate calculation)
- `rate` (String) The percentage-based metric for the calculation of the SLO

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--error_budget_burn_rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_budget_burn_rate`

Optional:

- `burn_rate_visualization_enabled` (Boolean) The error budget burn rate calculation is enabled (true) or disabled (false).
- `fast_burn_threshold` (Number) The threshold between a slow and a fast burn rate.
 