---
layout: ""
page_title: dynatrace_slo_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Service-level Objective"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_slo_v2` covers configuration for service-level objectives
---

# dynatrace_slo_v2 (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Service-level objectives - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/cloud-automation/service-level-objectives

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:monitoring.slo`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_slo_v2` downloads all existing service-level objectives configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/guides/export-v2).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_slo_v2" "#name#" {
  name               = "#name#"
  enabled            = true
  custom_description = "Terraform Test"
  evaluation_type    = "AGGREGATE"
  evaluation_window  = "-1w"
  filter             = "type(SERVICE),serviceType(WEB_SERVICE,WEB_REQUEST_SERVICE)"
  metric_expression  = "100*(builtin:service.requestCount.server:splitBy())/(builtin:service.requestCount.server:splitBy())"
  metric_name        = "terraform_test"
  target_success     = 95
  target_warning     = 98
  error_budget_burn_rate {
    burn_rate_visualization_enabled = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `error_budget_burn_rate` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) ### Error budget burn rate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--error_budget_burn_rate))
- `evaluation_type` (String) Possible Values: `AGGREGATE`
- `evaluation_window` (String) Define the timeframe during which the SLO is to be evaluated. For the timeframe you can enter expressions like -1h (last hour), -1w (last week) or complex expressions like -2d to now (last two days), -1d/d to now/d (beginning of yesterday to beginning of today).
- `filter` (String) Set a filter parameter (entitySelector) on any GET call to evaluate this SLO against specific services only (for example, type("SERVICE")).  For details, see the [Entity Selector documentation](https://dt-url.net/entityselector).
- `metric_expression` (String) For details, see the [Metrics page](/ui/metrics "Metrics page").
- `metric_name` (String) Metric name
- `name` (String) SLO name
- `target_success` (Number) Set the target value of the SLO. A percentage below this value indicates a failure.
- `target_warning` (Number) Set the warning value of the SLO. At the warning state the SLO is fulfilled. However, it is getting close to a failure.

### Optional

- `custom_description` (String) The description of the SLO
- `legacy_id` (String) The ID of this setting when referred to by the Config REST API V1

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--error_budget_burn_rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_budget_burn_rate`

Required:

- `burn_rate_visualization_enabled` (Boolean) Burn rate visualization enabled

Optional:

- `fast_burn_threshold` (Number) The threshold defines when a burn rate is marked as fast-burning (high-emergency). Burn rates lower than this threshold (and greater than 1) are highlighted as slow-burn (low-emergency).
 