---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_web_app_injection_cookie Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Web Applications"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_web_app_injection_cookie` covers configuration for web application cookies
---

# dynatrace_web_app_injection_cookie (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Cookies - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/manage/data-privacy-and-security/data-privacy/cookies

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:rum.web.injection.cookie`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_web_app_injection_cookie` downloads existing cookie configuration

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace/latest/docs/guides/export-v2).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_web_app_injection_cookie" "#name#" {
  application_id              = "APPLICATION-1234567890000000"
  same_site_cookie_attribute  = "STRICT"
  use_secure_cookie_attribute = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) The scope of this settings. If the settings should cover the whole environment, just don't specify any scope.
- `same_site_cookie_attribute` (String) Possible Values: `LAX`, `NONE`, `NOTSET`, `STRICT`
- `use_secure_cookie_attribute` (Boolean) If your application is only accessible via SSL, you can add the Secure attribute to all cookies set by Dynatrace. This setting prevents the display of warnings from PCI-compliance security scanners. Be aware that with this setting enabled Dynatrace correlation of user actions with server-side web requests is only possible over SSL connections.

### Optional

- `cookie_placement_domain` (String) Specify an alternative domain for cookies set by Dynatrace. Keep in mind that your browser may not allow placement of cookies on certain domains (for example, top-level domains). Before typing a domain name here, confirm that the domain will accept cookies from your browser. For details, see the list of [forbidden top-level domains](https://dt-url.net/9n6b0pfz).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
 