---
layout: ""
page_title:  Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Web Applications"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_web_app_manual_insertion` covers configuration for web application manual insertion
---

# dynatrace_web_app_manual_insertion (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- Select a snippet format - https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/shortlink/snippet-formats

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:rum.web.manual-insertion`)

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_web_app_manual_insertion" "#name#" {
  application_id = "APPLICATION-1234567890000000"
  code_snippet {
    code_snippet_type = "SYNCHRONOUSLY"
  }
  javascript_tag {
    cache_duration        = "1"
    crossorigin_anonymous = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) The scope of this settings. If the settings should cover the whole environment, just don't specify any scope.
- `code_snippet` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Code snippet is a piece of inline code that implements basic functionality and loads the full functionality either synchronously or deferred. Even though it implements an update mechanism, regular updates are still required to guarantee compatibility. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--code_snippet))
- `javascript_tag` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) JavaScript tag references an external file containing monitoring code and configuration. Due to its dynamic update mechanism, it is recommended for most use cases. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--javascript_tag))

### Optional

- `oneagent_javascript_tag` (Block List, Max: 1) OneAgent JavaScript tag includes configuration and a reference to an external file containing the monitoring code. It needs to be updated after configuration changes and monitoring code updates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oneagent_javascript_tag))
- `oneagent_javascript_tag_sri` (Block List, Max: 1) OneAgent JavaScript tag with SRI includes configuration, a reference to an external file containing the monitoring code, and a hash that allows the browser to verify the integrity of the monitoring code before executing it. It needs to be updated after configuration changes and monitoring code updates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oneagent_javascript_tag_sri))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--code_snippet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_snippet`

Required:

- `code_snippet_type` (String) Possible Values: `DEFERRED`, `SYNCHRONOUSLY`


<a id="nestedblock--javascript_tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `javascript_tag`

Required:

- `cache_duration` (String) Duration in hours, possible Values: `1`, `12`, `144`, `24`, `3`, `6`, `72`
- `crossorigin_anonymous` (Boolean) Add the `crossorigin=anonymous` attribute to capture JavaScript error messages and W3C resource timings

Optional:

- `script_execution_attribute` (String) Possible Values: `Async`, `Defer`, `None`


<a id="nestedblock--oneagent_javascript_tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oneagent_javascript_tag`

Optional:

- `script_execution_attribute` (String) Possible Values: `Async`, `Defer`, `None`


<a id="nestedblock--oneagent_javascript_tag_sri"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oneagent_javascript_tag_sri`

Optional:

- `script_execution_attribute` (String) Possible Values: `Async`, `Defer`, `None`
