---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dynatrace_web_application Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# dynatrace_web_application (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **cost_control_user_session_percentage** (Number) Analize *X*% of user sessions
- **custom_action_apdex_settings** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Defines the Custom Action Apdex settings of an application (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_action_apdex_settings))
- **load_action_apdex_settings** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Defines the Load Action Apdex settings of an application (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--load_action_apdex_settings))
- **load_action_key_performance_metric** (String) The key performance metric of load actions. Possible values are `ACTION_DURATION`, `CUMULATIVE_LAYOUT_SHIFT`, `DOM_INTERACTIVE`, `FIRST_INPUT_DELAY`, `LARGEST_CONTENTFUL_PAINT`, `LOAD_EVENT_END`, `LOAD_EVENT_START`, `RESPONSE_END`, `RESPONSE_START`, `SPEED_INDEX` and `VISUALLY_COMPLETE`
- **monitoring_settings** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Real user monitoring settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings))
- **name** (String) The name of the web application, displayed in the UI
- **type** (String) The type of the web application. Possible values are `AUTO_INJECTED`, `BROWSER_EXTENSION_INJECTED` and `MANUALLY_INJECTED`
- **waterfall_settings** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) These settings influence the monitoring data you receive for 3rd party, CDN, and 1st party resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waterfall_settings))
- **xhr_action_apdex_settings** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Defines the XHR Action Apdex settings of an application (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--xhr_action_apdex_settings))
- **xhr_action_key_performance_metric** (String) The key performance metric of XHR actions. Possible values are `ACTION_DURATION`, `RESPONSE_END`, `RESPONSE_START` and `VISUALLY_COMPLETE`.

### Optional

- **conversion_goals** (Block List, Max: 1) A list of conversion goals of the application (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conversion_goals))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **key_user_actions** (Block List) User Action names to be flagged as Key User Actions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--key_user_actions))
- **meta_data_capture_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Java script agent meta data capture settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta_data_capture_settings))
- **real_user_monitoring_enabled** (Boolean) Real user monitoring enabled/disabled
- **session_replay_config** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings regarding Session Replay (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--session_replay_config))
- **url_injection_pattern** (String) URL injection pattern for manual web application
- **user_action_and_session_properties** (Block List, Max: 1) User action and session properties settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_and_session_properties))
- **user_action_naming_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) The settings of user action naming (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings))
- **user_tags** (Block List, Max: 1) User tags settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_tags))

<a id="nestedblock--custom_action_apdex_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_action_apdex_settings`

Optional:

- **frustrating_fallback_threshold** (Number) Fallback threshold of an XHR action, defining a tolerable user experience, when the configured KPM is not available. Values between 0 and 240000 are allowed.
- **frustrating_threshold** (Number) Maximal value of apdex, which is considered as tolerable user experience. Values between 0 and 240000 are allowed.
- **threshold** (Number) no documentation available
- **tolerated_fallback_threshold** (Number) Fallback threshold of an XHR action, defining a satisfied user experience, when the configured KPM is not available. Values between 0 and 60000 are allowed.
- **tolerated_threshold** (Number) Maximal value of apdex, which is considered as satisfied user experience. Values between 0 and 60000 are allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--load_action_apdex_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_action_apdex_settings`

Optional:

- **frustrating_fallback_threshold** (Number) Fallback threshold of an XHR action, defining a tolerable user experience, when the configured KPM is not available. Values between 0 and 240000 are allowed.
- **frustrating_threshold** (Number) Maximal value of apdex, which is considered as tolerable user experience. Values between 0 and 240000 are allowed.
- **threshold** (Number) no documentation available
- **tolerated_fallback_threshold** (Number) Fallback threshold of an XHR action, defining a satisfied user experience, when the configured KPM is not available. Values between 0 and 60000 are allowed.
- **tolerated_threshold** (Number) Maximal value of apdex, which is considered as satisfied user experience. Values between 0 and 60000 are allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings`

Required:

- **content_capture** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Settings for content capture (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--content_capture))
- **injection_mode** (String) Possible valures are `CODE_SNIPPET`, `CODE_SNIPPET_ASYNC`, `INLINE_CODE` and `JAVASCRIPT_TAG`.

Optional:

- **add_cross_origin_anonymous_attribute** (Boolean) Add the cross origin = anonymous attribute to capture JavaScript error messages and W3C resource timings
- **advanced_javascript_tag_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Advanced JavaScript tag settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--advanced_javascript_tag_settings))
- **angular_package_name** (String) The name of the angular package
- **browser_restriction_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for restricting certain browser type, version, platform and, comparator. It also restricts the mode (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--browser_restriction_settings))
- **cache_control_header_optimizations** (Boolean) Optimize the value of cache control headers for use with Dynatrace real user monitoring enabled/disabled
- **cookie_placement_domain** (String) Domain for cookie placement. Maximum 150 characters.
- **correlation_header_inclusion_regex** (String) To enable RUM for XHR calls to AWS Lambda, define a regular expression matching these calls, Dynatrace can then automatically add a custom header (`x-dtc`) to each such request to the respective endpoints in AWS.

Important: These endpoints must accept the `x-dtc` header, or the requests will fail
- **custom_configuration_properties** (String) The location to send monitoring data from the JavaScript tag.

 Specify either a relative or an absolute URL. If you use an absolute URL, data will be sent using CORS. 

 **Required** for auto-injected applications, optional for agentless applications. Maximum 512 characters.
- **exclude_xhr_regex** (String) You can exclude some actions from becoming XHR actions.

Put a regular expression, matching all the required URLs, here.

If noting specified the feature is disabled
- **fetch_requests** (Boolean) `fetch()` request capture enabled/disabled
- **ip_address_restriction_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for restricting certain ip addresses and for introducing subnet mask. It also restricts the mode (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--ip_address_restriction_settings))
- **javascript_framework_support** (Block List, Max: 1) Support of various JavaScript frameworks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--javascript_framework_support))
- **javascript_injection_rules** (Block List, Max: 1) Java script injection rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--javascript_injection_rules))
- **library_file_location** (String) The location of your application’s custom JavaScript library file. 

 If nothing specified the root directory of your web server is used. 

 **Required** for auto-injected applications, not supported by agentless applications. Maximum 512 characters.
- **monitoring_data_path** (String) The location to send monitoring data from the JavaScript tag.

 Specify either a relative or an absolute URL. If you use an absolute URL, data will be sent using CORS. 

 **Required** for auto-injected applications, optional for agentless applications. Maximum 512 characters.
- **script_tag_cache_duration_in_hours** (Number) Time duration for the cache settings
- **secure_cookie_attribute** (Boolean) Secure attribute usage for Dynatrace cookies enabled/disabled
- **server_request_path_id** (String) Path to identify the server’s request ID. Maximum 150 characters.
- **xml_http_request** (Boolean) `XmlHttpRequest` support enabled/disabled

<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--content_capture"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.content_capture`

Optional:

- **javascript_errors** (Boolean) JavaScript errors monitoring enabled/disabled
- **resource_timing_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for resource timings capture (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--content_capture--resource_timing_settings))
- **timeout_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for timed action capture (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--content_capture--timeout_settings))
- **visually_complete_and_speed_index** (Boolean) Visually complete and Speed index support enabled/disabled
- **visually_complete_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for VisuallyComplete (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--content_capture--visually_complete_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--content_capture--resource_timing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.content_capture.resource_timing_settings`

Required:

- **instrumentation_delay** (Number) Instrumentation delay for monitoring resource and image resource impact in browsers that don't offer W3C resource timings. 

Valid values range from 0 to 9999.

Only effective if `nonW3cResourceTimings` is enabled
- **resource_timing_capture_type** (String) Defines how detailed resource timings are captured.

Only effective if **w3cResourceTimings** or **nonW3cResourceTimings** is enabled. Possible values are `CAPTURE_ALL_SUMMARIES`, `CAPTURE_FULL_DETAILS` and `CAPTURE_LIMITED_SUMMARIES`
- **resource_timings_domain_limit** (Number) Limits the number of domains for which W3C resource timings are captured.

Only effective if **resourceTimingCaptureType** is `CAPTURE_LIMITED_SUMMARIES`. Valid values range from 0 to 50.

Optional:

- **non_w3c_resource_timings** (Boolean) Timing for JavaScript files and images on non-W3C supported browsers enabled/disabled
- **w3c_resource_timings** (Boolean) W3C resource timings for third party/CDN enabled/disabled


<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--content_capture--timeout_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.content_capture.timeout_settings`

Required:

- **temporary_action_limit** (Number) Defines how deep temporary actions may cascade. 0 disables temporary actions completely. Recommended value if enabled is 3
- **temporary_action_total_timeout** (Number) The total timeout of all cascaded timeouts that should still be able to create a temporary action

Optional:

- **timed_action_support** (Boolean) Timed action support enabled/disabled. 

Enable to detect actions that trigger sending of XHRs via `setTimout` methods


<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--content_capture--visually_complete_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.content_capture.visually_complete_settings`

Optional:

- **exclude_url_regex** (String) A RegularExpression used to exclude images and iframes from being detected by the VC module
- **ignored_mutations_list** (String) Query selector for mutation nodes to ignore in VC and SI calculation
- **inactivity_timeout** (Number) The time in ms the VC module waits for no mutations happening on the page after the load action. Defaults to 1000. Valid values range from 0 to 30000.
- **mutation_timeout** (Number) Determines the time in ms VC waits after an action closes to start calculation. Defaults to 50. Valid values range from 0 to 5000.
- **threshold** (Number) Minimum visible area in pixels of elements to be counted towards VC and SI. Defaults to 50. Valid values range from 0 to 10000.



<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--advanced_javascript_tag_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.advanced_javascript_tag_settings`

Required:

- **max_action_name_length** (Number) Maximum character length for action names. Valid values range from 5 to 10000.
- **max_errors_to_capture** (Number) Maximum number of errors to be captured per page. Valid values range from 0 to 50.

Optional:

- **additional_event_handlers** (Block List, Max: 1) Additional event handlers and wrappers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--advanced_javascript_tag_settings--additional_event_handlers))
- **event_wrapper_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) In addition to the event handlers, events called using `addEventListener` or `attachEvent` can be captured. Be careful with this option! Event wrappers can conflict with the JavaScript code on a web page (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--advanced_javascript_tag_settings--event_wrapper_settings))
- **global_event_capture_settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Global event capture settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--advanced_javascript_tag_settings--global_event_capture_settings))
- **instrument_unsupported_ajax_frameworks** (Boolean) Instrumentation of unsupported Ajax frameworks enabled/disabled
- **special_characters_to_escape** (String) Additional special characters that are to be escaped using non-alphanumeric characters in HTML escape format. Maximum length 30 character. Allowed characters are `^`, `\`, `<` and `>`.
- **sync_beacon_firefox** (Boolean) Send the beacon signal as a synchronous XMLHttpRequest using Firefox enabled/disabled
- **sync_beacon_internet_explorer** (Boolean) Send the beacon signal as a synchronous XMLHttpRequest using Internet Explorer enabled/disabled

<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--advanced_javascript_tag_settings--additional_event_handlers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.advanced_javascript_tag_settings.additional_event_handlers`

Required:

- **max_dom_nodes** (Number) Max. number of DOM nodes to instrument. Valid values range from 0 to 100000.

Optional:

- **blur** (Boolean) Blur event handler enabled/disabled
- **change** (Boolean) Change event handler enabled/disabled
- **click** (Boolean) Click event handler enabled/disabled
- **mouseup** (Boolean) Mouseup event handler enabled/disabled
- **to_string_method** (Boolean) toString method enabled/disabled
- **use_mouse_up_event_for_clicks** (Boolean) Use mouseup event for clicks enabled/disabled


<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--advanced_javascript_tag_settings--event_wrapper_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.advanced_javascript_tag_settings.event_wrapper_settings`

Optional:

- **blur** (Boolean) Blur enabled/disabled
- **change** (Boolean) Change enabled/disabled
- **click** (Boolean) Click enabled/disabled
- **mouseup** (Boolean) MouseUp enabled/disabled
- **touch_end** (Boolean) TouchEnd enabled/disabled
- **touch_start** (Boolean) TouchStart enabled/disabled


<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--advanced_javascript_tag_settings--global_event_capture_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.advanced_javascript_tag_settings.global_event_capture_settings`

Optional:

- **additional_event_captured_as_user_input** (String) Additional events to be captured globally as user input. 

For example `DragStart` or `DragEnd`. Maximum 100 characters.
- **click** (Boolean) Click enabled/disabled
- **doubleclick** (Boolean) DoubleClick enabled/disabled
- **keydown** (Boolean) KeyDown enabled/disabled
- **keyup** (Boolean) KeyUp enabled/disabled
- **mousedown** (Boolean) MouseDown enabled/disabled
- **mouseup** (Boolean) MouseUp enabled/disabled
- **scroll** (Boolean) Scroll enabled/disabled



<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--browser_restriction_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.browser_restriction_settings`

Required:

- **mode** (String) The mode of the list of browser restrictions. Possible values area `EXCLUDE` and `INCLUDE`.

Optional:

- **restrictions** (Block List, Max: 1) A list of browser restrictions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--browser_restriction_settings--restrictions))

<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--browser_restriction_settings--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.browser_restriction_settings.restrictions`

Required:

- **restriction** (Block List, Min: 1) Browser exclusion rules for the browsers that are to be excluded (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--browser_restriction_settings--restrictions--restriction))

<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--browser_restriction_settings--restrictions--restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.browser_restriction_settings.restrictions.restriction`

Required:

- **browser_type** (String) The type of the browser that is used. Possible values are `ANDROID_WEBKIT`, `BOTS_SPIDERS`, `CHROME`, `EDGE`, `FIREFOX`, `INTERNET_EXPLORER, `OPERA` and `SAFARI`

Optional:

- **browser_version** (String) The version of the browser that is used
- **comparator** (String) No documentation available. Possible values are `EQUALS`, `GREATER_THAN_OR_EQUAL` and `LOWER_THAN_OR_EQUAL`.
- **platform** (String) The platform on which the browser is being used. Possible values are `ALL`, `DESKTOP` and `MOBILE`




<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--ip_address_restriction_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.ip_address_restriction_settings`

Required:

- **mode** (String) The mode of the list of ip address restrictions. Possible values area `EXCLUDE` and `INCLUDE`.

Optional:

- **restrictions** (Block List, Max: 1) The IP addresses or the IP address ranges to be mapped to the location (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--ip_address_restriction_settings--restrictions))

<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--ip_address_restriction_settings--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.ip_address_restriction_settings.restrictions`

Required:

- **range** (Block List, Min: 1) The IP address or the IP address range to be mapped to the location (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--ip_address_restriction_settings--restrictions--range))

<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--ip_address_restriction_settings--restrictions--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.ip_address_restriction_settings.restrictions.range`

Required:

- **address** (String) The IP address to be mapped. 

For an IP address range, this is the **from** address.

Optional:

- **address_to** (String) The **to** address of the IP address range.
- **subnet_mask** (Number) The subnet mask of the IP address range. Valid values range from 0 to 128.




<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--javascript_framework_support"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.javascript_framework_support`

Optional:

- **active_x_object** (Boolean) ActiveXObject support enabled/disabled
- **angular** (Boolean) AngularJS and Angular support enabled/disabled
- **dojo** (Boolean) Dojo support enabled/disabled
- **extjs** (Boolean) ExtJS, Sencha Touch support enabled/disabled
- **icefaces** (Boolean) ICEfaces support enabled/disabled
- **jquery** (Boolean) jQuery, Backbone.js support enabled/disabled
- **moo_tools** (Boolean) MooTools support enabled/disabled
- **prototype** (Boolean) Prototype support enabled/disabled


<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--javascript_injection_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.javascript_injection_rules`

Required:

- **rule** (Block List, Min: 1) Java script injection rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitoring_settings--javascript_injection_rules--rule))

<a id="nestedblock--monitoring_settings--javascript_injection_rules--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_settings.javascript_injection_rules.rule`

Required:

- **rule** (String) The url rule of the java script injection. Possible values are `AFTER_SPECIFIC_HTML`, `AUTOMATIC_INJECTION`, `BEFORE_SPECIFIC_HTML` and `DO_NOT_INJECT`.
- **url_operator** (String) The url operator of the java script injection. Possible values are `ALL_PAGES`, `CONTAINS`, `ENDS_WITH`, `EQUALS` and `STARTS_WITH`.

Optional:

- **enabled** (Boolean) `fetch()` request capture enabled/disabled
- **html_pattern** (String) The HTML pattern of the java script injection
- **target** (String) The target against which the rule of the java script injection should be matched. Possible values are `PAGE_QUERY` and `URL`.
- **url_pattern** (String) The url pattern of the java script injection




<a id="nestedblock--waterfall_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waterfall_settings`

Required:

- **resource_browser_caching_threshold** (Number) Warn about resources with a lower browser cache rate above *X*%. Values between 1 and 100 are allowed.
- **resources_threshold** (Number) Warn about resources larger than *X* bytes. Values between 0 and 99999000 are allowed.
- **slow_cnd_resources_threshold** (Number) Warn about slow CDN resources with a response time above *X* ms. Values between 0 and 99999000 are allowed.
- **slow_first_party_resources_threshold** (Number) Warn about slow 1st party resources with a response time above *X* ms. Values between 0 and 99999000 are allowed.
- **slow_third_party_resources_threshold** (Number) Warn about slow 3rd party resources with a response time above *X* ms. Values between 0 and 99999000 are allowed.
- **speed_index_visually_complete_ratio_threshold** (Number) Warn if Speed index exceeds *X* % of Visually complete. Values between 1 and 99 are allowed.
- **uncompressed_resources_threshold** (Number) Warn about uncompressed resources larger than *X* bytes. Values between 0 and 99999 are allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--xhr_action_apdex_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `xhr_action_apdex_settings`

Optional:

- **frustrating_fallback_threshold** (Number) Fallback threshold of an XHR action, defining a tolerable user experience, when the configured KPM is not available. Values between 0 and 240000 are allowed.
- **frustrating_threshold** (Number) Maximal value of apdex, which is considered as tolerable user experience. Values between 0 and 240000 are allowed.
- **threshold** (Number) no documentation available
- **tolerated_fallback_threshold** (Number) Fallback threshold of an XHR action, defining a satisfied user experience, when the configured KPM is not available. Values between 0 and 60000 are allowed.
- **tolerated_threshold** (Number) Maximal value of apdex, which is considered as satisfied user experience. Values between 0 and 60000 are allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--conversion_goals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversion_goals`

Required:

- **goal** (Block List, Min: 1) A conversion goal of the application (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal))

<a id="nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversion_goals.goal`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the conversion goal. Valid length within 1 and 50 characters.

Optional:

- **destination** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of a destination-based conversion goal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal--destination))
- **id** (String) The ID of conversion goal. 

 Omit it while creating a new conversion goal
- **type** (String) The type of the conversion goal. Possible values are `Destination`, `UserAction`, `VisitDuration` and `VisitNumActions`
- **user_action** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of a destination-based conversion goal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal--user_action))
- **visit_duration** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of a destination-based conversion goal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal--visit_duration))
- **visit_num_action** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of a destination-based conversion goal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal--visit_num_action))

<a id="nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversion_goals.goal.destination`

Required:

- **url_or_path** (String) The path to be reached to hit the conversion goal

Optional:

- **case_sensitive** (Boolean) The match is case-sensitive (`true`) or (`false`)
- **match_type** (String) The operator of the match. Possible values are `Begins`, `Contains` and `Ends`.


<a id="nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal--user_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversion_goals.goal.user_action`

Optional:

- **action_type** (String) Type of the action to which the rule applies. Possible values are `Custom`, `Load` and `Xhr`.
- **case_sensitive** (Boolean) The match is case-sensitive (`true`) or (`false`)
- **match_entity** (String) The type of the entity to which the rule applies. Possible values are `ActionName`, `CssSelector`, `JavaScriptVariable`, `MetaTag`, `PagePath`, `PageTitle`, `PageUrl`, `UrlAnchor` and `XhrUrl`.
- **match_type** (String) The operator of the match. Possible values are `Begins`, `Contains` and `Ends`.
- **value** (String) The value to be matched to hit the conversion goal


<a id="nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal--visit_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversion_goals.goal.visit_duration`

Required:

- **duration** (Number) The duration of session to hit the conversion goal, in milliseconds


<a id="nestedblock--conversion_goals--goal--visit_num_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversion_goals.goal.visit_num_action`

Optional:

- **num_user_actions** (Number) The number of user actions to hit the conversion goal




<a id="nestedblock--key_user_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_user_actions`

Required:

- **action** (Block List, Min: 1) Configuration of the key user action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--key_user_actions--action))

<a id="nestedblock--key_user_actions--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_user_actions.action`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the action
- **type** (String) The type of the action. Possible values are `Custom`, `Load` and `Xhr`.

Optional:

- **domain** (String) The domain where the action is performed.



<a id="nestedblock--meta_data_capture_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta_data_capture_settings`

Optional:

- **capture** (Block List) Java script agent meta data capture settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta_data_capture_settings--capture))

<a id="nestedblock--meta_data_capture_settings--capture"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta_data_capture_settings.capture`

Required:

- **capturing_name** (String) The name of the meta data to capture
- **name** (String) Name for displaying the captured values in Dynatrace
- **type** (String) The type of the meta data to capture. Possible values are `COOKIE`, `CSS_SELECTOR`, `JAVA_SCRIPT_FUNCTION`, `JAVA_SCRIPT_VARIABLE`, `META_TAG` and `QUERY_STRING`.

Optional:

- **public_metadata** (Boolean) `true` if this metadata should be captured regardless of the privacy settings, `false` otherwise
- **unique_id** (Number) The unique ID of the meta data to capture
- **use_last_value** (Boolean) `true` if the last captured value should be used for this metadata. By default the first value will be used.



<a id="nestedblock--session_replay_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_replay_config`

Required:

- **cost_control_percentage** (Number) Session replay sampling rating in percent

Optional:

- **css_resource_capturing_exclusion_rules** (List of String) A list of URLs to be excluded from CSS resource capturing
- **enable_css_resource_capturing** (Boolean) Capture (`true`) or don't capture (`false`) CSS resources from the session
- **enabled** (Boolean) SessionReplay Enabled/Disabled


<a id="nestedblock--user_action_and_session_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_and_session_properties`

Optional:

- **property** (Block List, Max: 1) User action and session properties settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_and_session_properties--property))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_and_session_properties--property"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_and_session_properties.property`

Required:

- **id** (Number) Unique id among all userTags and properties of this application
- **key** (String) Key of the property
- **origin** (String) The origin of the property. Possible values are `JAVASCRIPT_API`, `META_DATA` and `SERVER_SIDE_REQUEST_ATTRIBUTE`.
- **type** (String) The data type of the property. Possible values are `DATE`, `DOUBLE`, `LONG`, `LONG_STRING` and `STRING`.

Optional:

- **aggregation** (String) The aggregation type of the property. 

  It defines how multiple values of the property are aggregated. Possible values are `AVERAGE`, `FIRST`, `LAST`, `MAXIMUM`, `MINIMUM` and `SUM`.
- **cleanup_rule** (String) The cleanup rule of the property. 

Defines how to extract the data you need from a string value. Specify the [regular expression](https://dt-url.net/k9e0iaq) for the data you need there
- **display_name** (String) The display name of the property
- **ignore_case** (Boolean) If `true`, the value of this property will always be stored in lower case. Defaults to `false`.
- **long_string_length** (Number) If the `type` is `LONG_STRING`, the max length for this property. Must be a multiple of `100`. Defaults to `200`. Maximum is `1000`.
- **metadata_id** (Number) If the origin is `META_DATA`, metaData id of the property
- **server_side_request_attribute** (String) The ID of the request attribute. 

Only applicable when the **origin** is set to `SERVER_SIDE_REQUEST_ATTRIBUTE`
- **store_as_session_property** (Boolean) If `true`, the property is stored as a session property
- **store_as_user_action_property** (Boolean) If `true`, the property is stored as a user action property



<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings`

Optional:

- **custom_action_naming_rules** (Block List, Max: 1) User action naming rules for custom actions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--custom_action_naming_rules))
- **ignore_case** (Boolean) Case insensitive naming
- **load_action_naming_rules** (Block List, Max: 1) User action naming rules for loading actions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--load_action_naming_rules))
- **placeholders** (Block List, Max: 1) User action placeholders (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--placeholders))
- **query_parameter_cleanups** (Set of String) User action naming rules for custom actions
- **split_user_actions_by_domain** (Boolean) Deactivate this setting if different domains should not result in separate user actions
- **use_first_detected_load_action** (Boolean) First load action found under an XHR action should be used when true. Else the deepest one under the xhr action is used
- **xhr_action_naming_rules** (Block List, Max: 1) User action naming rules for XHR actions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--xhr_action_naming_rules))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--custom_action_naming_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.custom_action_naming_rules`

Required:

- **rule** (Block List, Min: 1) The settings of naming rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--custom_action_naming_rules--rule))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--custom_action_naming_rules--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.custom_action_naming_rules.rule`

Required:

- **template** (String) Naming pattern. Use Curly brackets `{}` to select placeholders

Optional:

- **conditions** (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the conditions when the naming rule should apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--custom_action_naming_rules--rule--conditions))
- **use_or_conditions** (Boolean) If set to `true` the conditions will be connected by logical OR instead of logical AND

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--custom_action_naming_rules--rule--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.custom_action_naming_rules.rule.use_or_conditions`

Required:

- **condition** (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the conditions when the naming rule should apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--custom_action_naming_rules--rule--use_or_conditions--condition))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--custom_action_naming_rules--rule--use_or_conditions--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.custom_action_naming_rules.rule.use_or_conditions.condition`

Required:

- **operand1** (String) Must be a defined placeholder wrapped in curly braces
- **operator** (String) The operator of the condition. Possible values are `CONTAINS`, `ENDS_WITH`, `EQUALS`, `IS_EMPTY`, `IS_NOT_EMPTY`, `MATCHES_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`, `NOT_CONTAINS`, `NOT_ENDS_WITH`, `NOT_EQUALS`, `NOT_MATCHES_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`, `NOT_STARTS_WITH` and `STARTS_WITH`.

Optional:

- **operand2** (String) Must be null if operator is `IS_EMPTY`, a regex if operator is `MATCHES_REGULAR_ERPRESSION`. In all other cases the value can be a freetext or a placeholder wrapped in curly braces





<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--load_action_naming_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.load_action_naming_rules`

Required:

- **rule** (Block List, Min: 1) The settings of naming rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--load_action_naming_rules--rule))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--load_action_naming_rules--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.load_action_naming_rules.rule`

Required:

- **template** (String) Naming pattern. Use Curly brackets `{}` to select placeholders

Optional:

- **conditions** (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the conditions when the naming rule should apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--load_action_naming_rules--rule--conditions))
- **use_or_conditions** (Boolean) If set to `true` the conditions will be connected by logical OR instead of logical AND

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--load_action_naming_rules--rule--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.load_action_naming_rules.rule.use_or_conditions`

Required:

- **condition** (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the conditions when the naming rule should apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--load_action_naming_rules--rule--use_or_conditions--condition))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--load_action_naming_rules--rule--use_or_conditions--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.load_action_naming_rules.rule.use_or_conditions.condition`

Required:

- **operand1** (String) Must be a defined placeholder wrapped in curly braces
- **operator** (String) The operator of the condition. Possible values are `CONTAINS`, `ENDS_WITH`, `EQUALS`, `IS_EMPTY`, `IS_NOT_EMPTY`, `MATCHES_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`, `NOT_CONTAINS`, `NOT_ENDS_WITH`, `NOT_EQUALS`, `NOT_MATCHES_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`, `NOT_STARTS_WITH` and `STARTS_WITH`.

Optional:

- **operand2** (String) Must be null if operator is `IS_EMPTY`, a regex if operator is `MATCHES_REGULAR_ERPRESSION`. In all other cases the value can be a freetext or a placeholder wrapped in curly braces





<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--placeholders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.placeholders`

Required:

- **placeholder** (Block List, Min: 1) User action placeholders (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--placeholders--placeholder))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--placeholders--placeholder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.placeholders.placeholder`

Required:

- **input** (String) The input for the place holder. Possible values are `ELEMENT_IDENTIFIER`, `INPUT_TYPE`, `METADATA`, `PAGE_TITLE`, `PAGE_URL`, `SOURCE_URL`, `TOP_XHR_URL` and `XHR_URL`
- **name** (String) Placeholder name. Valid length needs to be between 1 and 50 characters
- **processing_part** (String) The part to process. Possible values are `ALL`, `ANCHOR` and `PATH`

Optional:

- **metadata_id** (Number) The ID of the metadata
- **processing_steps** (Block List, Max: 1) The processing step settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--placeholders--placeholder--processing_steps))
- **use_guessed_element_identifier** (Boolean) Use the element identifier that was selected by Dynatrace

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--placeholders--placeholder--processing_steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.placeholders.placeholder.use_guessed_element_identifier`

Required:

- **step** (Block List, Min: 1) The processing step (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--placeholders--placeholder--use_guessed_element_identifier--step))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--placeholders--placeholder--use_guessed_element_identifier--step"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.placeholders.placeholder.use_guessed_element_identifier.step`

Required:

- **type** (String) An action to be taken by the processing: 

* `SUBSTRING`: Extracts the string between `patternBefore` and `patternAfter`. 
* `REPLACEMENT`: Replaces the string between `patternBefore` and `patternAfter` with the specified `replacement`.
* `REPLACE_WITH_PATTERN`: Replaces the **patternToReplace** with the specified **replacement**. 
* `EXTRACT_BY_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`: Extracts the part of the string that matches the **regularExpression**. 
* `REPLACE_WITH_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`: Replaces all occurrences that match **regularExpression** with the specified **replacement**. 
* `REPLACE_IDS`: Replaces all IDs and UUIDs with the specified **replacement**. Possible values are `EXTRACT_BY_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`, `REPLACEMENT`, `REPLACE_IDS`, `REPLACE_WITH_PATTERN`, `REPLACE_WITH_REGULAR_EXPRESSION` and `SUBSTRING`.

Optional:

- **fallback_to_input** (Boolean) If set to `true`: Returns the input if `patternBefore` or `patternAfter` cannot be found and the `type` is `SUBSTRING`. Returns the input if `regularExpression` doesn't match and `type` is `EXTRACT_BY_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`. 

 Otherwise `null` is returned.
- **pattern_after** (String) The pattern after the required value. It will be removed.
- **pattern_after_search_type** (String) The required occurrence of **patternAfter**. Possible values are `FIRST` and `LAST`.
- **pattern_before** (String) The pattern before the required value. It will be removed.
- **pattern_before_search_type** (String) The required occurrence of **patternBefore**. Possible values are `FIRST` and `LAST`.
- **pattern_to_replace** (String) The pattern to be replaced. 

 Only applicable if the `type` is `REPLACE_WITH_PATTERN`.
- **regular_expression** (String) A regular expression for the string to be extracted or replaced. Only applicable if the `type` is `EXTRACT_BY_REGULAR_EXPRESSION` or `REPLACE_WITH_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`.
- **replacement** (String) Replacement for the original value





<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--xhr_action_naming_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.xhr_action_naming_rules`

Required:

- **rule** (Block List, Min: 1) The settings of naming rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--xhr_action_naming_rules--rule))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--xhr_action_naming_rules--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.xhr_action_naming_rules.rule`

Required:

- **template** (String) Naming pattern. Use Curly brackets `{}` to select placeholders

Optional:

- **conditions** (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the conditions when the naming rule should apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--xhr_action_naming_rules--rule--conditions))
- **use_or_conditions** (Boolean) If set to `true` the conditions will be connected by logical OR instead of logical AND

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--xhr_action_naming_rules--rule--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.xhr_action_naming_rules.rule.use_or_conditions`

Required:

- **condition** (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the conditions when the naming rule should apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--xhr_action_naming_rules--rule--use_or_conditions--condition))

<a id="nestedblock--user_action_naming_settings--xhr_action_naming_rules--rule--use_or_conditions--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_action_naming_settings.xhr_action_naming_rules.rule.use_or_conditions.condition`

Required:

- **operand1** (String) Must be a defined placeholder wrapped in curly braces
- **operator** (String) The operator of the condition. Possible values are `CONTAINS`, `ENDS_WITH`, `EQUALS`, `IS_EMPTY`, `IS_NOT_EMPTY`, `MATCHES_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`, `NOT_CONTAINS`, `NOT_ENDS_WITH`, `NOT_EQUALS`, `NOT_MATCHES_REGULAR_EXPRESSION`, `NOT_STARTS_WITH` and `STARTS_WITH`.

Optional:

- **operand2** (String) Must be null if operator is `IS_EMPTY`, a regex if operator is `MATCHES_REGULAR_ERPRESSION`. In all other cases the value can be a freetext or a placeholder wrapped in curly braces






<a id="nestedblock--user_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_tags`

Required:

- **tag** (Block List, Min: 1) User tag settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_tags--tag))

<a id="nestedblock--user_tags--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_tags.tag`

Required:

- **id** (Number) A unique ID among all userTags and properties of this application. Minimum value is 1.

Optional:

- **cleanup_rule** (String) Cleanup rule expression of the userTag
- **ignore_case** (Boolean) If `true`, the value of this tag will always be stored in lower case. Defaults to `false`.
- **metadata_id** (Number) If it's of type metaData, metaData id of the userTag
- **server_side_request_attribute** (String) The ID of the RrequestAttribute for the userTag


