---
layout: ""
page_title: "dynatrace_xmatters_notification Resource - terraform-provider-dynatrace"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  The resource `dynatrace_xmatters_notification` covers configuration problem notifications sent via xMatters
---

# dynatrace_webhook_notification (Resource)

-> This resource requires the API token scopes **Read settings** (`settings.read`) and **Write settings** (`settings.write`)

## Dynatrace Documentation

- xMatters integration - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/setup-and-configuration/integrations/problem-notifications/xmatters-integration

- Settings API - https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/settings (schemaId: `builtin:problem.notifications`)

## Export Example Usage

- `terraform-provider-dynatrace -export dynatrace_xmatters_notification` downloads the existing problem notifications for xMatters

The full documentation of the export feature is available [here](https://dt-url.net/h203qmc).

## Resource Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dynatrace_xmatters_notification" "#name#" { # replace #name# with the name you would like your resource be known within your Terraform Module
  active   = false
  name     = "#name#" # replace #name# with the name you would like your entry to be displayed within the Dynatrace Web UI
  profile  = dynatrace_alerting.Default.id
  url      = "https://webhook.site/#name#"
  insecure = true
  payload  = "x-matters-payload"
  headers {
    header {
      name  = "http-header-name-01"
      value = "http-header-value-01"
    }
    header {
      name         = "http-header-name-02"
      secret_value = "http-header-value-02"
    }
  }
}

resource "dynatrace_alerting" "Default" {
  name = "#name#"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active` (Boolean) This setting is enabled (`true`) or disabled (`false`)
- `name` (String) The name of the notification configuration.
- `payload` (String) The content of the notification message. Type '{' for placeholder suggestions.. #### Available placeholders
**{ImpactedEntities}**: Details about the entities impacted by the problem in form of a json array.

**{ImpactedEntity}**: A short description of the problem and impacted entity (or multiple impacted entities).

**{ImpactedEntityNames}**: The entity impacted by the problem.

**{NamesOfImpactedEntities}**: The names of all entities that are impacted by the problem.

**{PID}**: Unique system identifier of the reported problem.

**{ProblemDetailsHTML}**: All problem event details including root cause as an HTML-formatted string.

**{ProblemDetailsJSONv2}**: Problem as json object following the structure from the [Dynatrace Problems V2 API](https://dt-url.net/7a03ti2). The optional fields evidenceDetails and impactAnalysis are included, but recentComments is not.

**{ProblemDetailsJSON}**: Problem as json object following the structure from the [Dynatrace Problems V1 API](https://dt-url.net/qn23tk2).

**{ProblemDetailsMarkdown}**: All problem event details including root cause as a Markdown-formatted string.

**{ProblemDetailsText}**: All problem event details including root cause as a text-formatted string.

**{ProblemID}**: Display number of the reported problem.

**{ProblemImpact}**: Impact level of the problem. Possible values are APPLICATION, SERVICE, or INFRASTRUCTURE.

**{ProblemSeverity}**: Severity level of the problem. Possible values are AVAILABILITY, ERROR, PERFORMANCE, RESOURCE_CONTENTION, or CUSTOM_ALERT.

**{ProblemTitle}**: Short description of the problem.

**{ProblemURL}**: URL of the problem within Dynatrace.

**{State}**: Problem state. Possible values are OPEN or RESOLVED.

**{Tags}**: Comma separated list of tags that are defined for all impacted entities. To refer to the value of a specific tag, specify the tag's key in square brackets: **{Tags[key]}**. If the tag does not have any assigned value, the placeholder will be replaced by an empty string. The placeholder will not be replaced if the tag key does not exist.
- `profile` (String) The ID of the associated alerting profile
- `url` (String) The URL of the xMatters webhook.

### Optional

- `headers` (Block List, Max: 1) A list of the additional HTTP headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--headers))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Accept any SSL certificate (including self-signed and invalid certificates)
- `legacy_id` (String) The ID of these settings when referred to from resources requiring the REST API V1 keys

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `header` (Block Set, Min: 1) An additional HTTP Header to include when sending requests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--headers--header))

<a id="nestedblock--headers--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the HTTP header.

Optional:

- `secret_value` (String, Sensitive) The secret value of the HTTP header. May contain an empty value.
- `value` (String) The value of the HTTP header. May contain an empty value.
 